a00-file-extension
a00-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 2)

a01-file-extension
a01-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 3)

a02-file-extension
a02-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 4)

a03-file-extension
a03-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 5)

a04-file-extension
a04-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 6)

a05-file-extension
a05-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 7)

aac-file-extension
aac-file-description Advanced audio coding stream file
aac-file-description An aac file extension is associated with the Advanced audio coding file format (AAC) that provides audio encoding with better sound quality and compression ratio than older formats, such as mp3 or ogg.

aae-file-extension
aae-file-description Apple Photos sidecar file
aae-file-description Files with aae file extension can be typically found by owners of Apple devices and computers and users of the Apple Photos app. The aae files contain edits and other changes made on a particular photo (.jpg). They purpose is to allow save non-destructive changes made on a photograph so the original photograph can be preserved.

abr-file-extension
abr-file-description Adobe Photoshop brush
abr-file-description An abr file extension is used for Adobe Photoshop brush files. Photoshop brush file contains saved brush settings and data (shapes, textures and other data) used to create brush style.

abw-file-extension
abw-file-description AbiWord document
abw-file-description Files with abw file extension can be typically found as documents created and saved using the AbiWord word processor.

accdb-file-extension
accdb-file-description Microsoft Access main database
accdb-file-description An accdb file extension is used by Microsoft Access from version 2007 for its main database format. A previous binary format had mdb file extension instead. Access is one of the most used personal database management systems.

accdt-file-extension
accdt-file-description Microsoft Access database template
accdt-file-description Files with accdt file extension can be usually found as database templates for Microsoft Access database management software. Introduced first in version 2007.

ace-file-extension
ace-file-description WinACE compressed ace archive

adadownload-file-extension
adadownload-file-description Adobe Download Assistant partially completed download
adadownload-file-description Files with adadownload file extension can be exclusively encountered as unfinished download initiated by Adobe Download Assistant.

adf-file-extension
adf-file-description ArcView ARC/INFO coverage data

ai-file-extension
ai-file-description Adobe Illustrator graphics

aiff-file-extension
aiff-file-description Audio Interchange File Format
aiff-file-description Files with aiff suffix can be typically found as digital music (audio) files saved in the Audio Interchange Format.

air-file-extension
air-file-description Adobe AIR rich Internet applications

alx-file-extension
alx-file-description BlackBerry application loader

amr-file-extension
amr-file-description Adaptive Multi-Rate compressed audio

ani-file-extension
ani-file-description Animated cursor

ape-file-extension
ape-file-description Monkey's Audio lossless audio compression format

apk-file-extension
apk-file-description Google Android application package

app-file-extension
app-file-description Mac application package or core system service

application-file-extension
application-file-description ClickOnce deployment manifest
application-file-description Files with application extension are special app installers deployed with Microsoft’s ClickOnce technology. ClickOnce is similar technology to the Java Web Start for the Java Platform. ClickOnce applications can be developed in the Microsoft Visual Studio.

appx-file-extension
appx-file-description Microsoft AppX application package
appx-file-description Files with appx file extension are application installation packages for Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8 and newer operating systems. Used to install new software.

appxbundle-file-extension
appxbundle-file-description Microsoft Windows app bundle package
appxbundle-file-description Files with appxbundle extension can be typically found as app bundle packages for Windows 8.1 or 10.

arc-file-extension
arc-file-description ARC lossless data compression and archive format

arf-file-extension
arf-file-description WebEx advanced record file

arj-file-extension
arj-file-description ARJ Compressed archive
arj-file-description Files with arj file extension are compressed archives created with ARJ archiver. These were very common in the past, later replaced by RAR and ZIP programs.

arw-file-extension
arw-file-description Sony Digital Camera RAW digital image

asec-file-extension
asec-file-description Google Android encrypted application package
asec-file-description An asec file extension is used for Android encrypted application packages. ASEC file format was introduced in Android 2.2 that is able to move applications on SD card installed in Android phone. Applications stored on SD Card use ASEC encryption as a prevent against modifying and corruption. ASEC encrypted applications can be run only on Android phone, where have been installed, or in Android SDK emulator. If you move application back from SD card to phone's local storage, Android decrypted the ASEC application file to standard APK application package.

asf-file-extension
asf-file-description Advanced Systems (streaming) format

ashx-file-extension
ashx-file-description ASP.NET web handler file
ashx-file-description An ashx file extension is associated with the ASP.NET and used for one of the web page formats. Typically processed by Internet servers. You can view the content of ashx files in any text editor.

asm-file-extension
asm-file-description Assembler source code

asp-file-extension
asp-file-description Active Server Page script page

aspx-file-extension
aspx-file-description Active Server Page Extended ASP.NET script
aspx-file-description An aspx file extension is associated with Active Server Page Extended format used by Internet Information Services (IIS) web server with server side scripting language ASP.NET used to dynamically generate websites. Generated output from an *.aspx page in your browser is common html page.

asx-file-extension
asx-file-description Microsoft Advanced Streaming Redirector

atom-file-extension
atom-file-description Atom web feed
atom-file-description Files with atom file extension are used for web feeds, stored in XML text file format.

avi-file-extension
avi-file-description Audio Video Interleave movie
avi-file-description Files with avi file extension are videos or movies that can be played in every media player (sometimes proper codec is needed). These files are also supported by most video editors and converters. Often used for DVD rips on torrents.

aww-file-extension
aww-file-description Ability Write document
aww-file-description Files with aww file extension can be most notably found as documents made using Ability Write word processor, part of Ability Office suite.

azw-file-extension
azw-file-description Amazon Kindle eBook format
azw-file-description Files with azw file extension can be found as one of the most common e-book format for Amazon Kindle. These files are typically protected by Digital Right Management.

azw3-file-extension
azw3-file-description Amazon Kindle eBook
azw3-file-description Files with azw3 file extension may be found as e-book used in the latest Amazon Kindle digital reader. A format exclusive to Kindle, similar to EPUB.

azw4-file-extension
azw4-file-description Amazon Kindle Print Replica e-book
azw4-file-description Files with azw4 extension are e-books for Amazon Kindle reader. It is one of the default formats used by Amazon. AZW4 is a variation of PDF format.

a-file-extension
a-file-description Ada programming language source code
a-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe A file extension!

a%24v-file-extension
a%24v-file-description QuarkXpress automatically saved project
a%24v-file-description An a$v file extension is used for automatically saved project files created by the QuarkXpress.

a06-file-extension
a06-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 8)
a06-file-description Files with a06 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a07-file-extension
a07-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 9)
a07-file-description Files with a07 extension are used for ARJ software.

a08-file-extension
a08-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 10)
a08-file-description Files with a08 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a09-file-extension
a09-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 11)
a09-file-description Files with a09 extension are used for ARJ software. It is a data archive file format.

a1-file-extension
a1-file-description Free Pascal archive
a1-file-description An a1 file extension is associated with the Free Pascal, a compiler for Pascal and Object Pascal.

a10-file-extension
a10-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 12)
a10-file-description Files with a10 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a11-file-extension
a11-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 13)
a11-file-description Files with a11 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a12-file-extension
a12-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 14)
a12-file-description Files with a12 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a13-file-extension
a13-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 15)
a13-file-description Files with a13 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a14-file-extension
a14-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 16)
a14-file-description An a14 file extension is associated with the Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 16).

a15-file-extension
a15-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 17)
a15-file-description Files with a15 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a16-file-extension
a16-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 18)
a16-file-description An a16 file extension is related to ARJ archiving utility for MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows operating systems. An a16 file stores one part of a multi-volume ARJ archive.

a17-file-extension
a17-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 19)
a17-file-description Files with a17 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a18-file-extension
a18-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 20)
a18-file-description Files with a18 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a19-file-extension
a19-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 21)
a19-file-description Files with a19 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a1wish-file-extension
a1wish-file-description Audials wishlist
a1wish-file-description Files with a1wish file extension are wish list files from Audials Radiotracker software.

a20-file-extension
a20-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 22)
a20-file-description An a20 file extension is related to the ARJ compression tool for MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows operating system. An a20 file stores ARJ compressed file archive part 22.

a21-file-extension
a21-file-description Soundweb firmware
a21-file-description An a21 file extension is related to the Soundweb and used for its firmware data.

a26-file-extension
a26-file-description Atari 2600 ROM image
a26-file-description An a26 file extension is related to the Atari 2600 video gaming console emulators. An a26 file stores ROM image.

a2a-file-extension
a2a-file-description IBM Voice Type languages vocables
a2a-file-description An a2a file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type, a voice dictation program from IBM.

a2b-file-extension
a2b-file-description A2B Player playlist
a2b-file-description An a2b file extension is related to the A2B Player. An a2b file contains playlist.

a2c-file-extension
a2c-file-description Alice scene
a2c-file-description Files with a2c file extension are saved scenes created in Alice program. Alice is used to teach students object-oriented programming in a 3D environment.

a2d-file-extension
a2d-file-description AVStoDVD project
a2d-file-description An a2d file extension is related to the AVStoDVD project files.

a2desktop-file-extension
a2desktop-file-description Aston Desktop desktop skin
a2desktop-file-description An a2desktop file extension is related to the Aston Desktop and used for its desktop skin files.

a2e-file-extension
a2e-file-description ArcGIS option data
a2e-file-description Files with a2e file extension are associated with the ArcGIS option data.

a2i-file-extension
a2i-file-description Adlib Tracker instrument
a2i-file-description An a2i file extension is related to the Adlib Tracker and used for its instrument files.

a2l-file-extension
a2l-file-description ASAP2 ECU description file
a2l-file-description Files with a2l suffix can be found as special measurement and calibration data saved in ASAP2 ECU description format.

a2m-file-extension
a2m-file-description AdLib Tracker II audio
a2m-file-description An a2m file extension is related to the AdLib Tracker II music composing software. An a2m file contains audio data.

a2menu-file-extension
a2menu-file-description Aston Desktop start menu skin
a2menu-file-description An .a2menu file extension is related to the Aston Desktop skin tool for Windows. An a2menu file stores skin for Windows Start menu.

a2p-file-extension
a2p-file-description Adlib Tracker pattern file
a2p-file-description The .a2p file extension is related to the Adlib Tracker and used for its pattern files.

a2panel-file-extension
a2panel-file-description Aston Desktop panel skin
a2panel-file-description An a2panel file extension is related to the Aston Desktop and used for its panel skin files.

a2r-file-extension
a2r-file-description KittyXplorer encrypted archive
a2r-file-description An a2r file extension is related to the KittyXplorer, a picture image encryption program. An a2r file stores encrypted archive.

a2s-file-extension
a2s-file-description Microsoft Access to MySQL Converter data
a2s-file-description An a2s file extension is related to the Microsoft Access to MySQL Converter files.

a2t-file-extension
a2t-file-description Adlib Tracker tiny module
a2t-file-description A a2t file extension is related to the Adlib Tracker II and it is used for its tiny module files.

a2theme-file-extension
a2theme-file-description Aston 2 theme
a2theme-file-description Files with a2theme extension are primarily related to Aston 2 utility and used for its default theme format.

a2w-file-extension
a2w-file-description Alice program world data
a2w-file-description An a2w file extension is mainly used by Alice computer programming education system for some of its data files.

a2x-file-extension
a2x-file-description a2x data
a2x-file-description An a2x file extension is related to the a2x data used by DragonDictate for MS-DOS and Windows.

a31-file-extension
a31-file-description Adobe Authorware library file
a31-file-description Files with a31 extension are used by Adobe Authorware program. They contain some libraries.

a32-file-extension
a32-file-description Split Multi-volume ARJ compressed file archive (part 34)
a32-file-description Files with a32 extension are used for ARJ software. It is an archive file format.

a3c-file-extension
a3c-file-description Alan v3 adventure code data
a3c-file-description An a3c file extension is related to the Alan IF and used for its adventure code files.

a3d-file-extension
a3d-file-description Amapi 3D modeling data
a3d-file-description Files with a3d file extension can be found as 3D models from a long discontinued program called Amapi.

a3g-file-extension
a3g-file-description Photo! 3D gallery
a3g-file-description An a3g file extension is related to the Photo! 3D, a software tool for creating 3D galleries. An a3g file stores 3D gallery.

a3k-file-extension
a3k-file-description Yamaha A3000 sampler data
a3k-file-description An a3k file extension is related to the Yamaha A3000 and used for its sampler data.

a3l-file-extension
a3l-file-description Adobe Authorware library
a3l-file-description An a3l file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware programming language. An a3l file stores library.

a3m-file-extension
a3m-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged data
a3m-file-description An a3m file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware programming language and used for its unpackaged files.

a3p-file-extension
a3p-file-description Alice 3 project
a3p-file-description Files with a3p extension can be usually found as projects from version 3 of Alice programming environment.

a3r-file-extension
a3r-file-description Alan resource data
a3r-file-description An a3r file extension is related to the Alan development tool. An a3r file contains resource data for Alan version 3.

a3s-file-extension
a3s-file-description Yamaha A3000 sample
a3s-file-description An a3s file extension is related to the Yamaha A3000 sample format.

a3w-file-extension
a3w-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged data
a3w-file-description An a3w file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware for Microsoft Windows. An a3w file stores unpackaged data.

a3x-file-extension
a3x-file-description AccuLoad III.net settings
a3x-file-description Files with a3x file extension are often found as special settings files for AccuLoad III preset controller for trucks, railcars and ships.

a41-file-extension
a41-file-description Adobe Authorware library
a41-file-description An a41 file extension is associated with the Adobe Authorware and used for its library files. Probably obsolete.

a4l-file-extension
a4l-file-description Adobe Authorware library
a4l-file-description An a4l file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a graphical programming language. An a4l file stores library.

a4m-file-extension
a4m-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged data
a4m-file-description An a4m file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware for Mac and used for its unpackaged files.

a4p-file-extension
a4p-file-description Adobe Authorware package without runtime
a4p-file-description An a4p file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a programming language and development environment. An a4p file stores package without runtime.

a4r-file-extension
a4r-file-description Adobe Authorware package course data
a4r-file-description An a4r file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware and used for its package course files.

a4w-file-extension
a4w-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged file
a4w-file-description The a4w file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware programming language and used for its unpackaged files.

a51-file-extension
a51-file-description Adobe Authorware library
a51-file-description An a51 file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware and used for its library files.

a52-file-extension
a52-file-description Atari 5200 game image
a52-file-description An a52 file extension is related to Atari 5200 emulators. An a52 file stores ROM image.

a54-file-extension
a54-file-description The Californian State University transaction data
a54-file-description Files with a54 file extension are used at the Californian State University. Campus transaction file.

a5d-file-extension
a5d-file-description Adobe Authorware model
a5d-file-description An a5d file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware and used for its library files.

a5l-file-extension
a5l-file-description Adobe Authorware library
a5l-file-description An a5l file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a programming language and used for its library files.

a5m-file-extension
a5m-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged data
a5m-file-description An a5m file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware unpackaged files.

a5op7-file-extension
a5op7-file-description Operation7 game data
a5op7-file-description Files with the a5op7 file extension are related to the Operation7, a computer game for Windows.

a5p-file-extension
a5p-file-description Adobe Authorware package without runtime
a5p-file-description An a5p file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware packages without runtime.

a5r-file-extension
a5r-file-description Adobe Authorware packaged file without runtime
a5r-file-description Files with a5r file extension can mainly be found as one of the package format from Adobe Authroware.

a5rpt-file-extension
a5rpt-file-description Alpha Five project report
a5rpt-file-description An a5rpt file extension is related to the Alpha Five IDE and used for its project report files.

a5w-file-extension
a5w-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged data
a5w-file-description An a5w file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware a programming language and used for its unpackaged files.

a5wcmp-file-extension
a5wcmp-file-description Alpha Five web publishing data
a5wcmp-file-description An a5wcmp file extension is associated with the Alpha Five program. An a5wcmp file stores web publishing data.

a5zfn-file-extension
a5zfn-file-description Alma Locker ransomware affected data
a5zfn-file-description Files with a5zfn file extension can be lately found as encrypted files affected by the Alma Locker ransomware.

a64-file-extension
a64-file-description Wigmore Artist 64 picture image
a64-file-description An a64 file suffix is related to the Wigmore Artist 64 picture image format.

a64rpt-file-extension
a64rpt-file-description AIDA64 report
a64rpt-file-description An a64rpt file extension is related to the AIDA64, a hardware check program for Windows and mobile platforms.

a65-file-extension
a65-file-description Adobe Authorware library
a65-file-description An a65 file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a programming language. An a65 file stores library used by Adobe Authorware version 6.5.

a66-file-extension
a66-file-description µVision Assembler source code
a66-file-description An a66 file extension is related to the µVision development environment. An a66 file contains source code written in Assembler.

a6d-file-extension
a6d-file-description Adobe Authorware model file
a6d-file-description The a6d file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware model files.

a6l-file-extension
a6l-file-description Adobe Authorware library
a6l-file-description An a6l file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware and used for its library files.

a6m-file-extension
a6m-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged data
a6m-file-description An a6m file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware unpackaged files.

a6p-file-extension
a6p-file-description Adobe Authorware application
a6p-file-description An a6p file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a programming language. An a6p file contains compiled application.

a6r-file-extension
a6r-file-description Adobe Authorware packaged file without runtime
a6r-file-description An a6r file extension is associated with the Adobe Authorware, a graphical programming language. An a6r file stores packaged file without runtime.

a6w-file-extension
a6w-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged file
a6w-file-description The a6w file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware unpackaged files.

a78-file-extension
a78-file-description Atari 7800 image
a78-file-description An a78 file extension is related to the Atari 7800 video gaming console. An a78 file contains image.

a7d-file-extension
a7d-file-description Adobe Authorware model
a7d-file-description An a7d file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware and used for its model files.

a7e-file-extension
a7e-file-description Adobe Authorware packaged library
a7e-file-description An a7e file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware for Microsoft Windows. An a7e file contains packaged library.

a7l-file-extension
a7l-file-description Adobe Authorware library
a7l-file-description An a7l file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware version 7 and used for its library files.

a7m-file-extension
a7m-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged data
a7m-file-description An a7m file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware unpackaged files.

a7p-file-extension
a7p-file-description Adobe Authorware packaged file without runtime
a7p-file-description An a7p file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a programming language and development tool. An a7p file stores packaged file without runtime created in the Authorware.

a7r-file-extension
a7r-file-description Adobe Authorware packaged file without runtime
a7r-file-description An a7r file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware a development environment and graphical programming language. An a7r file contains Adobe Authorware without package.

a7s-file-extension
a7s-file-description ANNO 1800 saved game
a7s-file-description An a7s file extension is associated with the ANNO 1800 strategic video game. An a7s file contains saved game.

a7w-file-extension
a7w-file-description Adobe Authorware unpackaged data
a7w-file-description An a7w file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware unpackaged files.

a8-file-extension
a8-file-description Cubicomp PictureMaker 3D animation data
a8-file-description An a8 file extension is related to the Cubicomp PictureMaker 3D animation data format.

a83-file-extension
a83-file-description EightyOne Sinclair ZX81 ROM image
a83-file-description An a83 file extension is associated with the  EightyOne Sinclair ZX81 ROM file format.

a86-file-extension
a86-file-description A86 Assembly language source code
a86-file-description An a86 file extension is related to the A86 assembler. An a86 file contains source code in Assembly language.

a8s-file-extension
a8s-file-description Anim8or script
a8s-file-description Files with a8s extension can be found as scripts from Anim8or 3D animation program.

aa-file-extension
aa-file-description Audible audio
aa-file-description Files with aa file extension are in most cases audio books and other audio programs for the Audible platform by Amazon.

aa3-file-extension
aa3-file-description Sony ATRAC audio
aa3-file-description Files with aa3 extension is used for a special Adaptive Transform Acoustic Coding (ATRAC) format used by Sony for their MiniDisc format.

aaa-file-extension
aaa-file-description Sybase SQL Anywhere temporary data
aaa-file-description Files with aaa extension can be usually found as temporary files generated by Sybase SQL Anywhere software.

aab-file-extension
aab-file-description Google Android app bundle
aab-file-description Files with aab extension are app bundles for Google Android. These feature much smaller file size compared to the previous APK format.

aacx-file-extension
aacx-file-description AdminStudio data
aacx-file-description An aacx file extension is associated with the AdminStudio software and used for its data files.

aad-file-extension
aad-file-description Audible download plugin
aad-file-description Files with aad file extension are mostly plugins for Audible Software.

aaf-file-extension
aaf-file-description Advanced Authoring Format
aaf-file-description Files with aaf extension can be most notably found as multimedia saved in Advanced Authoring Format.

aah-file-extension
aah-file-description Amazingly Abstracted HTML document
aah-file-description Files with aah file extension are related to the Amazingly Abstracted HTML document format.

aai-file-extension
aai-file-description Dune HD Player AAI graphics image
aai-file-description An aai file extension is related to the Dune HD Player, a solution for Full HD video playback.

aam-file-extension
aam-file-description Adobe Authorware shocked data
aam-file-description An aam file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware and used for its shocked files.

aan-file-extension
aan-file-description Pro Tools analysis data
aan-file-description Files with aan file extension are commonly used by Pro Tools application from Avid Technology.

aao-file-extension
aao-file-description America's Army map
aao-file-description An aao file extension is related to America's Army computer game. An aao file contains game map.

aap-file-extension
aap-file-description Apollo Advanced Playlist
aap-file-description Files with aap file extensions can be mainly found as playlists used in the Apollo media players. Contains list of songs to be played.

aapkg-file-extension
aapkg-file-description ArchestrA IDE package
aapkg-file-description Files with aapkg file extension are commonly used by ArchestrA IDE development tool.

aar-file-extension
aar-file-description Apache Axis2 archive
aar-file-description Files with aar file extension is mainly used by Apache Axis2 engine. These files are deployment packages for Apache Web Services.

aardv2-file-extension
aardv2-file-description XPO Usedcar manager data
aardv2-file-description An aardv2 file extension is related to the XPO Usedcar manager.

aas-file-extension
aas-file-description Autodesk animation setup movie clip
aas-file-description Files with aas file extension could be in the past found as animation files made in Autodesk Animator.

aat-file-extension
aat-file-description ArcInfo line data
aat-file-description An aat file suffix is related to ArcInfo, these files include line data.

aatrend-file-extension
aatrend-file-description ActiveFactory trend data
aatrend-file-description An aatrend file extension is related to the ActiveFactory program. An aatrend file contains trend data.

aaui-file-extension
aaui-file-description Adobe Acrobat UI settings
aaui-file-description An aaui file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat, a PDF document authoring tool. An aaui file stores UI settings.

aav-file-extension
aav-file-description OccuRec recorded video
aav-file-description An aav file extension is related to the OccuRec recorded video format.

aaw-file-extension
aaw-file-description Lavasoft Ad-Aware 2007 settings
aaw-file-description An aaw file extension is related to the Ad-Aware version 2007 from Lavasoft. An aaw file contains settings.

aawdef-file-extension
aawdef-file-description Ad-Aware definitions
aawdef-file-description An aawdef file extension is related to the Ad-Aware software and used for its malware definition files.

aax-file-extension
aax-file-description Audible enhanced audio data
aax-file-description Files with aax extension can be found as special proprietary audio books from Audible platform. Playable on multitude of devices including Kindle, iPods etc.

aaxplugin-file-extension
aaxplugin-file-description Pro Tools audio plugin
aaxplugin-file-description An aaxplugin file extension is related to the Pro Tools audio plugin format.

ab-file-extension
ab-file-description Google Android Debug Bridge backup
ab-file-description Files with ab file extension can be usually found as debug bridge backups from Google Android operating system.

ab%24-file-extension
ab%24-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD plot spooling data
ab%24-file-description An ab$ file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a 3D modeling tool. An ab$ file stores plot spooling data.

ab1-file-extension
ab1-file-description ABIF file format
ab1-file-description Files with ab1 file extension can be often found as DNA sequencing data files from software by Technelysium, such as Chromas Pro or Chromas Lite.

ab2-file-extension
ab2-file-description Parson's address book
ab2-file-description An ab2 file extension is related to the Parson's Address Book file format used by Print Shop.

ab3-file-extension
ab3-file-description Photoimpact 3 album
ab3-file-description An ab3 file extension is related to the Photoimpact and used for its album files.

ab4-file-extension
ab4-file-description AB4 Accounting & Business data
ab4-file-description An ab4 file extension is related to AB4 Accounting & Business, a Hungarian accounting system and probably contains some accounting and financial data used by the program.

ab6-file-extension
ab6-file-description ABStat data
ab6-file-description An ab6 file extension is related to the ABStat and used for its data files.

ab65-file-extension
ab65-file-description Adobe PageMaker document
ab65-file-description An ab65 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker version 6.5 for Mac and used for its document files.

ab8-file-extension
ab8-file-description ABStat data
ab8-file-description An ab8 file extension is associated with the ABStat, a data analysis program. An ab8 file stores some kind of data.

aba-file-extension
aba-file-description Avant Browser add-on
aba-file-description An aba file extension is related to the Avant Browser, an internet browser developed by Avant Force. An aba file contains plugin for Avant Browser.

abap-file-extension
abap-file-description ABAP source code
abap-file-description An abap file extension is related to the ABAP (Advanced Business Application Programming) programming language. An abap file stores source code.

abb-file-extension
abb-file-description AlphaBB data
abb-file-description An abb file extension is related to the AlphaBB, a global optimization software.

abbu-file-extension
abbu-file-description Apple Address Book contacts archive
abbu-file-description Files with abbu file extension can be often on macOS / Mac OS X as address book archives for Apple Address Book (Contacts).

abc-file-extension
abc-file-description Micrografx FlowCharter data
abc-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe ABC file extension!

abcd-file-extension
abcd-file-description AudioVisual book data
abcd-file-description An abcd file extension is related to the AudioVisual Book data file format.

abcddb-file-extension
abcddb-file-description Apple Address Book database
abcddb-file-description Files with abcddb suffix are almost always contacts databases from Apple Address Book (Contacts) management software macOS / OS X.

abcdg-file-extension
abcdg-file-description Apple Address Book data
abcdg-file-description An abcdg file extension is associated with the Address Book for macOS (OS X). An abcdg file contains data.

abcdmr-file-extension
abcdmr-file-description Apple Address Book mail recent data
abcdmr-file-description An abcdmr file extension is related to the Apple Address Book (now called Contacts). An abcdmr file contains mail recent data.

abcdp-file-extension
abcdp-file-description Address Book card data
abcdp-file-description Files with the abcdp extension can be found as contacts card data from Address Book (Contacts) included in Mac OS X and macOS.

abd-file-extension
abd-file-description Quicken Address Book add-on
abd-file-description An abd file extension is related to the Quicken Address Book and used for its add-on.

abdata-file-extension
abdata-file-description Adobe Bridge data
abdata-file-description An abdata file extension is related to the Adobe Bridge a digital asset management software.

abe-file-extension
abe-file-description Application Boundaries Enforcer rules data
abe-file-description An abe file extension is related to the Application Boundaries Enforcer a module for web application oriented protections.

abf-file-extension
abf-file-description Adobe binary screen font
abf-file-description Files with abf file extension are associated with the Adobe binary screen font format.

abg-file-extension
abg-file-description FIFA World Cup game data beart file
abg-file-description Files with abg extension are used for FIFA World Cup computer video game. They include game beart data.

abi-file-extension
abi-file-description AOL 6 organizer data
abi-file-description An abi file extension is related to the AOL Desktop and used for its organizer files.

abicollab-file-extension
abicollab-file-description AbiWord Collaborative File Descriptor file
abicollab-file-description Detailed description

abk-file-extension
abk-file-description Ability Write document backup
abk-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe ABK file extension!

abkprj-file-extension
abkprj-file-description Ashampoo Burning Studio backup project file
abkprj-file-description The abkbrj file extension is related to the Ashampoo Burning Studio and used for its backup project files.

abl-file-extension
abl-file-description ADONIS Application Business Library
abl-file-description An abl file extension si related to the ADONIS Application Business Library.

abm-file-extension
abm-file-description Music album
abm-file-description Files with abm file extension can be often found as various audio album files from music management software.

abn-file-extension
abn-file-description Alpha Five data
abn-file-description An abn file extension is related to the Alpha Five, a database management software. An abn file contains data.

abnf-file-extension
abnf-file-description jCard to vCard data
abnf-file-description Files with abnf file extension are related to the jCard to vCard data.

abo-file-extension
abo-file-description Applix Builder data
abo-file-description An abo file extension is related to the Applix Builder software.

abp-file-extension
abp-file-description AVS Barcode profile
abp-file-description An abp file extension is related to the AVS Barcode Source software and used for its profile files.

abs-file-extension
abs-file-description GNU C Compiler ELF/DWARF format absolute data
abs-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe ABS file extension!

abst-file-extension
abst-file-description Adobe HDS bootstrap data
abst-file-description An abst file extension is related to the Adobe HDS (HTTP Dynamic Streaming) bootstrap data format.

abt-file-extension
abt-file-description The Arbiter game schedule
abt-file-description Files with abt extension are mainly related to The Arbiter software suite and used for its schedule files.

abu-file-extension
abu-file-description ACT! e-mail address book
abu-file-description An abu file extension is related to the ACT! a contact management tool. An abu file contains address book.

abu1-file-extension
abu1-file-description ASUS ZenFone backup
abu1-file-description Files with abu1 extension can be found as phone backups for ASUS ZenFone smart phone.

abx-file-extension
abx-file-description Corel WordPerfect Mail address book
abx-file-description Files with abx extension are typically found as contact address books from Corel WordPerfect MAIL email client, now part of WordPerfect Office.

aby-file-extension
aby-file-description AOL address book
aby-file-description An aby file extension is related to the AOL Desktop and other tools from AOL. An aby file contains address book.

abz-file-extension
abz-file-description AbszOrb 3D interactive game file
abz-file-description Files with abz extension are used by the ABszOrb 3D computer game.

ac-file-extension
ac-file-description AC3D geometry data
ac-file-description Files with ac file extension can be found as AC3D geometry files used for building 3D models.

ac%24-file-extension
ac%24-file-description AutoCAD undo info data
ac%24-file-description Files with ac$ extension are in most cases temporary files generated by Autodesk AutoCAD program.

ac0-file-extension
ac0-file-description SPICE AC/frequence domain output file
ac0-file-description Files ac0 extension are used by SPICE. They contain domain output data.

ac1-file-extension
ac1-file-description SPICE AC/frequence domain output file
ac1-file-description Files ac1 extension are used by SPICE. They contain domain output data.

ac1d-file-extension
ac1d-file-description AC1D-DC1A Packer module
ac1d-file-description An ac1d file extension is related to AC1D-DC1A Packer module file format.

ac2-file-extension
ac2-file-description SPICE AC/frequency domain output
ac2-file-description Files with ac2 file extension can be found as AC/frequency domain output data files from SPICE (Simulation Program with Integrated Circuit Emphasis).

ac3-file-extension
ac3-file-description Dolby Digital sound
ac3-file-description An ac3 file extension is associated with the Dolby Digital sound file format also known as AC3 (Audio Coding 3).

ac3d-file-extension
ac3d-file-description 3D format data
ac3d-file-description An ac3d file extension is related to the AC3D modeling software. An ac3d file stores 3D model.

ac4-file-extension
ac4-file-description SPICE AC/frequence domain output file
ac4-file-description Files ac4 extension are used by SPICE. They contain domain output data.

ac5-file-extension
ac5-file-description SPICE AC/frequence domain output file
ac5-file-description Files ac5 extension are used by SPICE. They contain domain output data.

ac6-file-extension
ac6-file-description SPICE AC/frequence domain output
ac6-file-description Files with ac6 file extension are related to the SPICE AC/frequence domain output format.

ac7-file-extension
ac7-file-description SPICE AC/frequency domain output
ac7-file-description An ac7 file extension is related to the Simulation Program with Integrated Circuit Emphasis. An ac7 file stores AC/frequency domain output data.

ac8-file-extension
ac8-file-description SPICE AC/frequence domain output file
ac8-file-description Files ac8 extension are used by SPICE. They contain domain output data.

ac9-file-extension
ac9-file-description SPICE AC/frequence domain output file
ac9-file-description Files ac9 extension are used by SPICE. They contain domain output data.

aca-file-extension
aca-file-description PMW project manager workbench project file
aca-file-description Files with aca extension are used by the Project Management Workbench program. They include some project data.

aca2-file-extension
aca2-file-description Fontographer data
aca2-file-description An aca2 file extension is related to the Fontographer software and used for its data files.

acad-file-extension
acad-file-description AutoCAD database
acad-file-description Files with acad file extension are old databases used in Autodesk AutoCAD program.

acb-file-extension
acb-file-description Adobe Photoshop Color Book file
acb-file-description Files with acb suffix can be most often found as special color custom catalog files saved in Adobe Color Book format.

acbl-file-extension
acbl-file-description Adobe Color Book data
acbl-file-description An acbl file extension is related to the Adobe Color Book format used by Adobe apps.

acbm-file-extension
acbm-file-description Amiga Continuous Bitmap format
acbm-file-description An acbm file extension is related to the Amiga Continuous Bitmap format for storing bitmap images.

acc-file-extension
acc-file-description GEM desktop accessories
acc-file-description Files with acc extension can be found as part of GEM (Graphics Environment Manager). An acc file stores application for GEM.

accda-file-extension
accda-file-description Microsoft Access add-in
accda-file-description An accda file extension is related to the Microsoft Access a database management system and used for its add-in files. The accda plug-ins are compatible with Access 2007, Access 2010, Access 2013, Access 2016.

accdc-file-extension
accdc-file-description Microsoft Access digitally signed database
accdc-file-description An accdc file extension is related to the Microsoft Access a database management system for Microsoft Windows. An accdc file stores digitally signed database.

accde-file-extension
accde-file-description Microsoft Access compiled execute only database
accde-file-description Files with accde file extension can be found as special executable versions of Microsoft Office ACCDB databases. Used for sharing databases that cannot be edited nor their code viewed or otherwise altered.

accdp-file-extension
accdp-file-description Microsoft Access project
accdp-file-description An accdp file extension is related to the Microsoft Access 2007/2010/2013/2016 and used for its project files.

accdr-file-extension
accdr-file-description Microsoft Access runtime mode database
accdr-file-description An accdr file extension is related to the Microsoft Access 2007/2010/2013/2016. An accdr file stores Microsoft Access runtime mode database.

accdu-file-extension
accdu-file-description Microsoft Access database wizard
accdu-file-description An accdu file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a relational database management system. An accdu file stores database wizard.

accdw-file-extension
accdw-file-description Microsoft Access link
accdw-file-description An accdw file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a relational database management system. An accdw file contains link.

access-file-extension
access-file-description Java access control data
access-file-description Files with access file extension might also be found as part of Java.

accessor-file-extension
accessor-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio accessor data
accessor-file-description A .accessor file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool.

accfl-file-extension
accfl-file-description Microsoft Access field template file
accfl-file-description Files with accfl extension are used for Microsoft Access Database. Files include field template saved in XML simple text file format.

accft-file-extension
accft-file-description Microsoft Access database template
accft-file-description An accft file extension is related to the Microsoft Access and used for its template files.

accountpicture-ms-file-extension
accountpicture-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows account picture
accountpicture-ms-file-description Files with accountpicture-ms file extension are avatars or account pictures used in Microsoft Windows user profiles.

acct-file-extension
acct-file-description IBM AIX system data
acct-file-description An acct file extension is related to the IBM AIX a Unix based operating system. An acct file stores system data.

acctl-file-extension
acctl-file-description Microsoft Office InfoPath data
acctl-file-description An acctl file extension is associated with the Microsoft InfoPath. An acctl file stores some kind of data.

acd-file-extension
acd-file-description ACID Pro audio project
acd-file-description Files with acd extension are in most cases audio files created with old ACID Pro digital audio workstation from Sony.

acd-bak-file-extension
acd-bak-file-description ACID Pro project backup
acd-bak-file-description An acd-bak file extension is related to the Sony ACID Pro a DAW software. An acd-bak file stores project backup.

acd-zip-file-extension
acd-zip-file-description Sony ACID compressed project
acd-zip-file-description Files with acd-zip extension can be found as ACD projects and its embedded audio data compressed in a single ZIP archive.

acdb-file-extension
acdb-file-description Riviera-PRO coverage database
acdb-file-description A file extension acdb is related to the Aldec coverage database format.

acf-file-extension
acf-file-description Microsoft Agent HTTP character data
acf-file-description An acf file extension is associated with the Microsoft Agent. An acf file stores character data that can be loaded over the HTTP (or Web) protocol.

acff-file-extension
acff-file-description Volocity library clipping
acff-file-description Files with acff file extension can be found as special Volocity Library Clipping files. Some kind of metadata or library content from Volocity.

acfm-file-extension
acfm-file-description Adobe composite font metrics
acfm-file-description An acfm file extension is associated with the Adobe composite font metrics file format.

acg-file-extension
acg-file-description Age of Wonders saved game
acg-file-description An acg file extension is related to the Age of Wonders video game. An acg file contains saved game position.

acgd-file-extension
acgd-file-description ACG System predictive model
acgd-file-description An acgd file extension is related to the ACG System program. An acgd file contains predictive model.

acgi-file-extension
acgi-file-description ACGI script (WWW)
acgi-file-description An acgi file extension is related to the AppleSearch ACGI, a search engine. An acgi file stores script.

acgl-file-extension
acgl-file-description ACG System license
acgl-file-description An acgl file extension is related to the ACG System a tool for measuring morbidity. An acgl file stores information about license.

ach-file-extension
ach-file-description RSLogix 5 project
ach-file-description An ach file extension is related to the RSLogix 5 and used for its project files.

aci-file-extension
aci-file-description ACI development appraisal
aci-file-description Files with aci extension are related to the real estate appraisal software called ACI.

acid-file-extension
acid-file-description Sony ACID Pro project
acid-file-description An acid file extension is related to the ACID Pro an audio editing app for Windows. An acid file stores project from ACID.

ack-file-extension
ack-file-description Swifty data
ack-file-description Files with ack extension can be mainly found as special Swifty plugins/extension for Adobe Flash.

acl-file-extension
acl-file-description Microsoft Office automatic correction list
acl-file-description Files with acl file extension can be most often found as automatic correction lists from some versions of Microsoft Office productivity suite for Windows and Mac.

aclapp-file-extension
aclapp-file-description Packaging analysis app
aclapp-file-description An aclapp file extension is related to the packaging analysis app format used by HighBond solutions.

aclk-file-extension
aclk-file-description Unknown file extension
aclk-file-description No further information could be found.

aclock-file-extension
aclock-file-description Amazing Clock theme
aclock-file-description An aclock file extension is related to the Amazing Clock software. An aclock file contains themes.

aclx-file-extension
aclx-file-description InstallShield Analysis App project
aclx-file-description An aclx file extension is related to the InstallShield from Flexera. An aclx file stores Analysis App project.

acm-file-extension
acm-file-description ACM compressed sound
acm-file-description Files with acm file extension could be in the past found as audio files in various computer games, including the acclaimed Fallout, Baldur's Gate or American Civil War.

acmb-file-extension
acmb-file-description Graphics
acmb-file-description Files with acmb file extension might be found as some very old graphics file of unknown format.

acmd-file-extension
acmd-file-description Apache Commander project
acmd-file-description An acmd file extension is related to the Apache Commander and used for its project files.

acml-file-extension
acml-file-description Aircraft Movement Logger 2010 data
acml-file-description An acml file stores some kind of data for Aircraft Movement Logger 2010.

aco-file-extension
aco-file-description Adobe Photoshop color palette and swatches data
aco-file-description Files with aco extension are quite often color palettes and swatches from Adobe Photoshop graphics editing tool.

acorn-file-extension
acorn-file-description Acorn drawing
acorn-file-description An acorn file extension is related to the Acorn picture image editor and used for its drawing files.

acp-file-extension
acp-file-description Virtual Architecture CAD data
acp-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe ACP file extension!

acq-file-extension
acq-file-description AcqURL bookmark manager database
acq-file-description An acq file extension is related to the AcqURL, a bookmark manager software. An acq file stores bookmark database.

acr-file-extension
acr-file-description Bitmap graphics
acr-file-description An acr file extension is related to the ACR-NEMA format used to store bitmap graphics.

acrobatsecuritysettings-file-extension
acrobatsecuritysettings-file-description Adobe Acrobat security settings
acrobatsecuritysettings-file-description An acrobatsecuritysettings file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat software and used for its security settings files.

acrodata-file-extension
acrodata-file-description Adobe Acrobat data
acrodata-file-description An acrodata file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat and used for its data files.

acroplugin-file-extension
acroplugin-file-description Adobe Acrobat plug-in
acroplugin-file-description An acroplugin file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat and used for its plug-in files.

acrotheme-file-extension
acrotheme-file-description Adobe Acrobat theme
acrotheme-file-description Files with acrotheme suffix can be be encountered as some kind of UI setting files for Adobe Acrobat.

acrs-file-extension
acrs-file-description Adobe Authorware data
acrs-file-description An acrs file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a tool for creating e-learning apps.

acrypt-file-extension
acrypt-file-description AutoCrypt encrypted document file
acrypt-file-description An acrypt file extension is related to the AutoCrypt and used for its encrypted documents.

acs-file-extension
acs-file-description Microsoft Agent character structured storage
acs-file-description An acs file extension is related to the Microsoft Agent. An acs file contains character structured storage data.

acs2-file-extension
acs2-file-description AIMP Media Player skin
acs2-file-description Files with acs2 file extension can be usually encountered as customized skin files for the AIMP Media Player .

acs3-file-extension
acs3-file-description AIMP skin package
acs3-file-description Files with acs3 extension are in most cases skins for the AIMP multimedia player.

acsm-file-extension
acsm-file-description Adobe Content Server Message data
acsm-file-description Files with acsm file extension can be found as sort of purchase tickets for an e-book meant for the Adobe Digital Editions digital content management platform.

acsrf-file-extension
acsrf-file-description Adobe Audition control surface plugin
acsrf-file-description An acsrf file extension is related to the Adobe Audition, an audio editor for Windows and Mac. An acsrf file stores control surface plugin.

act-file-extension
act-file-description Adobe Photoshop/Illustrator color table
act-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe ACT file extension!

act%21-file-extension
act%21-file-description Act! data
act%21-file-description An act! file extension is related to the Act! a customer relationship management software.

action-file-extension
action-file-description Apple Automator action script
action-file-description Files with .action file extension are saved action scripts for Automator app.

actions-file-extension
actions-file-description Photoline 4 defaults data
actions-file-description An actions file extension is related to the PhotoLine version 4 and used for its action settings files.

actions4-file-extension
actions4-file-description Unknown file extension
actions4-file-description Files with actions4 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

actionscript-file-extension
actionscript-file-description Adobe Flash ActionScript data
actionscript-file-description An actionscript file extension is related to the Adobe ActionScript scripting language.

actionscriptproperties-file-extension
actionscriptproperties-file-description Adobe Flex settings
actionscriptproperties-file-description A .actionscriptproperties file extension is related to the Adobe Flex. An actionscriptproperties file stores options and settings.

activitydiagram-file-extension
activitydiagram-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio activity diagram
activitydiagram-file-description An activitydiagram file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its activity diagram files.

actm-file-extension
actm-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD action macro
actm-file-description An actm file extension is related to the AutoCAD and used for its action macro files.

actproj-file-extension
actproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual SourceSafe ACT project
actproj-file-description An actproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio Visual SourceSafe ACT project files.

actx-file-extension
actx-file-description DS Game Maker action description data
actx-file-description An actx file extension is related to the DS Game Maker and used for its action description files.

acu-file-extension
acu-file-description Machine independent COBOL object
acu-file-description An acu file extension is associated with the Machine independent COBOL object file format.

acv-file-extension
acv-file-description Adobe Photoshop colour curves
acv-file-description An acv file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop, a digital picture and photo editing application. An acv file contains settings of color curves.

acw-file-extension
acw-file-description Microsoft Accessibility Wizard data
acw-file-description An acw file extension is related to the Microsoft Accessibility Wizard tool and used for its data files.

acww-file-extension
acww-file-description ACWW pattern data
acww-file-description An acww file extension is related to the Animal Crossing Wild World video game. An acww file stores pattern.

acx-file-extension
acx-file-description Atari ST program
acx-file-description An acx file extension is related to the TOS (Tramiel Operating System) for Atari ST. An acx file stores program executable sequence.

acz-file-extension
acz-file-description AppCraft project
acz-file-description An acz file extension is related to the AppCraft, a programming tool for iOS operating system. An acz file contains project.

ac_-file-extension
ac_-file-description Unknown file extension
ac_-file-description Files with ac_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ad-file-extension
ad-file-description After Dark screen saver data
ad-file-description An ad file extension is related to the After Dark software and used for its screen saver files.

ad1-file-extension
ad1-file-description Forensic Toolkit FTK Imager image
ad1-file-description Files with ad1 extension can be usually graphics saved in the Forensic Toolkit FTK Imager format.

ad2-file-extension
ad2-file-description ADPCM 2-bit compressed voice
ad2-file-description An ad2 file extension is associated with the Adaptive Differential Pulse Code Modulation (ADPCM) format.

ad3-file-extension
ad3-file-description ADPCM 3-bit compressed voice
ad3-file-description An ad3 file extension is related to the ADPCM 3-bit compressed voice file format.

ad3e-file-extension
ad3e-file-description Adobe Dimensions for Mac data
ad3e-file-description An ad3e file extension is related to the Adobe Dimensions for Mac data format.

ad4-file-extension
ad4-file-description 4D Systems audio data
ad4-file-description Files with ad4 extension can be found as audio files used by 4D Systems. Probably a highly and also obsolete audio format.

ad65-file-extension
ad65-file-description Adobe PageMaker document
ad65-file-description An ad65 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker version 6.5. An ad65 file stores document.

ada-file-extension
ada-file-description ADA language source code
ada-file-description An ada file extension is related to the ADA programming language and used for its source code files.

adb-file-extension
adb-file-description Ability Database database
adb-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe ADB file extension!

adba-file-extension
adba-file-description AIMSS author project configuration
adba-file-description An adba file extension is related to the AIMSS (Advanced Integrated Maintenance Support System) a technical manual authoring software. An adba file stores configuration for project.

adblock-file-extension
adblock-file-description Alpha Five temporary
adblock-file-description An adblock file extension is related to the Alpha Five, a relational database management system. An .adblock file stores temporary data.

adc-file-extension
adc-file-description Lingvo dictionary
adc-file-description Files with adc file extension can be mostly found as language dictionaries for ABBYY Lingvo translation software.

adcp-file-extension
adcp-file-description Adobe Device Centra project
adcp-file-description Files with adcp file extension can be mainly found as projects from Adobe Device Central Software. Seems obsolete.

add-file-extension
add-file-description Alphacam CAD/CAM die-cut drawing
add-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe ADD file extension!

addin-file-extension
addin-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio add-in
addin-file-description An addin file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its add-in files.

addoc-file-extension
addoc-file-description AudioDesk project
addoc-file-description An addoc file extension is related to the AudioDesk software and used for its project files.

addon-file-extension
addon-file-description Zaplots CFS Console addon
addon-file-description An addon file extension is related to the Zaplots CFS Console and used for its add-on files.

addr-file-extension
addr-file-description Metin2 data
addr-file-description An addr file extension is associated with the Metin2 computer game. An addr file contains various game data.

addressbooklocks-file-extension
addressbooklocks-file-description Mac OS X (macOS) Address Book data
addressbooklocks-file-description An addressbooklocks file extension is related to the Mac OS X (macOS) Address Book files.

ade-file-extension
ade-file-description Microsoft Access compiled project
ade-file-description An ade file extension is associated with the Microsoft Access a database management system for Windows. An ade file stores compiled project.

adev-file-extension
adev-file-description AppleTalk extension
adev-file-description An adev file extension is related to the AppleTalk and used for its extension files.

adex-file-extension
adex-file-description Adex bitmap graphics
adex-file-description An adex file extension is related to the ChromaGraph Graphics Card bitmap graphics format.

ade_aq-file-extension
ade_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
ade_aq-file-description Files with ade_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

adg-file-extension
adg-file-description Ableton Live device group data
adg-file-description The adg file extension is related to the Ableton Live software and used for its device group files.

adh-file-extension
adh-file-description Audible Manager data
adh-file-description An adh file extension is related to the Audible Manager and used for its helper files.

adi-file-extension
adi-file-description AutoCAD device-independent binary plotter file
adi-file-description An adi file extension is related to the AutoCAD and used for its device-independent binary plotter files.

adiumemoticon-file-extension
adiumemoticon-file-description Adium dock icon file
adiumemoticon-file-description Detailed description

adiumemoticonset-file-extension
adiumemoticonset-file-description Adium emoticon set file
adiumemoticonset-file-description Files with adiumemoticonset extension are used by the Adium software.

adiumhtmllog-file-extension
adiumhtmllog-file-description Adium HTML log
adiumhtmllog-file-description An adiumhtmllog file extension is related to the Adium, an instant messaging client. An .adiumhtmllog file stores log from Adium.

adiumicon-file-extension
adiumicon-file-description Adium icon file
adiumicon-file-description Detailed description

adiumlibpurpleplugin-file-extension
adiumlibpurpleplugin-file-description Adium lib purple plugin file
adiumlibpurpleplugin-file-description Detailed description

adiumlistlayout-file-extension
adiumlistlayout-file-description Adium list layout file
adiumlistlayout-file-description Files with ADIUMLISTLAYOUT extension can be found as list layout files in Adium instant messanging client.

adiumlisttheme-file-extension
adiumlisttheme-file-description Adium list theme file
adiumlisttheme-file-description Detailed description

adiumlog-file-extension
adiumlog-file-description Adium log
adiumlog-file-description An adiumlog file extension is related to the Adium, an instant messaging client for Mac.

adiummenubaricons-file-extension
adiummenubaricons-file-description Adium menu bar icon file
adiummenubaricons-file-description Files with AIDUMMENUBARICONS extension are menu bar icons for Adium instant messaging program for Mac.

adiummessagestyle-file-extension
adiummessagestyle-file-description Adium message style settings
adiummessagestyle-file-description An adiummessagestyle file extension is related to the Adium IM client. An adiummessagestyle stores message style.

adiumplugin-file-extension
adiumplugin-file-description Adium plugin file
adiumplugin-file-description Files with adiumplugin extension are used by the Adium Mac OS X's messaging client.

adiumscripts-file-extension
adiumscripts-file-description Adium AppleScripts file
adiumscripts-file-description Files with ADIUMSCRIPTS extension might be found as scripts from Adium messanging program.

adiumserviceicons-file-extension
adiumserviceicons-file-description Adium service icons
adiumserviceicons-file-description An adiumserviceicons file extension is related to the Adium and used for its service icons files.

adiumsoundset-file-extension
adiumsoundset-file-description Adium sound set file
adiumsoundset-file-description Detailed description

adiumstatusicons-file-extension
adiumstatusicons-file-description Adium status icon
adiumstatusicons-file-description An adiumstatusicons file extension is related to the Adium messenger. An adiumstatusicons file stores status icon.

adj-file-extension
adj-file-description LISCAD adjustment data
adj-file-description An adj file extension is related to the LISCAD software from LISTECH. An adj file stores adjustment data.

adjusted-file-extension
adjusted-file-description PLINK basic multiple-testing corrections
adjusted-file-description An adjusted file extension is related to the PLINK a genome analysis tool. An .adjusted file stores multiple-testing corrections.

adjustmentpresets-file-extension
adjustmentpresets-file-description Apple Aperture preset
adjustmentpresets-file-description An adjustmentpresets file extension is related to the Apple Aperture and used for its preset files.

adk-file-extension
adk-file-description OS/2 saved SKF format
adk-file-description An adk file extension is related to the OS/2 operating system. An adk file contains floppy disk image stored in SKF file format.

adl-file-extension
adl-file-description ADONIS models and model groups export
adl-file-description An adl file extension is related to the ADONIS business software management program.

adls-file-extension
adls-file-description ADL Workbench data
adls-file-description An adls file extension is related to the ADL Workbench software. An adls file stores data.

adm-file-extension
adm-file-description MultiModule screensaver
adm-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe ADM file extension!

admin2-file-extension
admin2-file-description Unknown file extension
admin2-file-description Files with admin2 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

adminarchive-file-extension
adminarchive-file-description Unknown file extension
adminarchive-file-description Files with adminarchive file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

adml-file-extension
adml-file-description Microsoft administrative language-specific XML template
adml-file-description Files with adml suffix can be typically encountered in Windows as administrative language-specific XML templates.

admx-file-extension
admx-file-description Microsoft administrative XML template
admx-file-description An admx file extension is related to Microsoft administrative XML template file format.

adn-file-extension
adn-file-description Microsoft Access blank project template
adn-file-description An adn file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a relational database management system. An adn file stores blank project template.

ado-file-extension
ado-file-description Adobe Photoshop duotone
ado-file-description An ado file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop a photo editing tool. An ado file stores duotone settings.

adobebridge-file-extension
adobebridge-file-description Adobe Bridge data
adobebridge-file-description An adobebridge file extension is related to the Adobe Bridge app.

adobenet-file-extension
adobenet-file-description Adobe Production Studio data
adobenet-file-description An adbenet file extension is associated with the Adobe Production Studio and used for its data files. Probably obsolete product.

adobepassdb-file-extension
adobepassdb-file-description Adobe data
adobepassdb-file-description An adobepassdb file extension is related to the Adobe programs developed for Google Android.

adobepassdb_1-file-extension
adobepassdb_1-file-description Adobe Android data
adobepassdb_1-file-description An adobepassdb_1 file extension is related to files used by some apps for Android developed by Adobe.

adobepassdb_1-journal-file-extension
adobepassdb_1-journal-file-description Adobe Android data
adobepassdb_1-journal-file-description An adobepassdb_1-journal file extension is related to files from some Adobe apps for Android.

adobepassdb_3-file-extension
adobepassdb_3-file-description Adobe data
adobepassdb_3-file-description Files with adobepassdb_3 extension are related to the Adobe programs developed for Google Android.

adoc-file-extension
adoc-file-description Asciidoctor document
adoc-file-description Files with adoc extension can be usually encountered as documents made and saved using the Asciidoctor text editor.

ados-file-extension
ados-file-description Compound document
ados-file-description An ados file extension is related to the ADOS and used for its document files.

adox-file-extension
adox-file-description ActivDox document file
adox-file-description Files with ADOX extension might be mostly found as documents created using the ActivDox app for iOS to Android.

adp-file-extension
adp-file-description Microsoft Access project
adp-file-description Files with adp file extension are database projects created in older versions of Microsoft Access. Replaced by .accdb files in later MS Access.

adpcm-file-extension
adpcm-file-description ADPCM audio
adpcm-file-description An adpcm file extension is related  Adaptive Delta Pulse Code Modulation a subclass of Microsoft WAVE format.

adpp-file-extension
adpp-file-description Adobe Device Central package profile
adpp-file-description Files with adpp file extension can be found as profiles for from Adobe Device Central. Used for deploying purposes.

adpr-file-extension
adpr-file-description Atlantis Word Processor project
adpr-file-description Files with the adpr file extension are related to the Atlantis Word Processor and used for its project files.

adp_aq-file-extension
adp_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
adp_aq-file-description Files with adp_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

adq-file-extension
adq-file-description Microsoft Application Compatibility Toolkit data
adq-file-description An adq file extension is related to the Microsoft Application Compatibility Toolkit files.

adr-file-extension
adr-file-description Opera bookmarks file
adr-file-description Files with adr extension can be found as saved bookmarks for Opera web browser.

adrg-file-extension
adrg-file-description ARC digitized raster graphics
adrg-file-description An adrg file extension is related to the ARC Digitized Raster Graphics a raster format.

ads-file-extension
ads-file-description Ada package specification
ads-file-description Files with ads extension might be found as Ada package specification files. Used during app development.

adsk-file-extension
adsk-file-description Autodesk data exchange file
adsk-file-description Files with adsk suffix appear to be some kind of data exchange files from Autodesk Revit.

adsm-file-extension
adsm-file-description Advanced Split Machine split data
adsm-file-description Files with adsm file extension can also be found as split files from old Advanced Split Machine program. Old and most likely obsolete.

adt-file-extension
adt-file-description Lingvo dictionary
adt-file-description There are 15 other file types  usingthe ADT file extension!

adtg-file-extension
adtg-file-description Advanced Data TableGram data
adtg-file-description Files with adtg file extension are mainly related to Microsoft's Advanced Data TableGram format.

adts-file-extension
adts-file-description Audio Data Transport Stream
adts-file-description An adts file extension is related to the Audio Data Transport Stream a container for AAC encoded audio.

adu-file-extension
adu-file-description Addict dictionary
adu-file-description An adu file extension is related to the Addict, a spell checking software. An adu file contains dictionary.

adups-file-extension
adups-file-description Google Android data
adups-file-description Files with adups extension are related to the Google Android operating system. An adups file stores some kind of data used by Android.

adv-file-extension
adv-file-description Ableton Live device preset
adv-file-description An adv file extension is related to the Ableton Live and used for its effect preset files.

advixeexp-file-extension
advixeexp-file-description Advisor results
advixeexp-file-description An advixeexp file extension is related to the Advisor software and used for its results files.

advixeproj-file-extension
advixeproj-file-description Intel Advisor project
advixeproj-file-description An advixeproj file extension is related to the Intel Advisor software. An advixeproj file stores project.

advs-file-extension
advs-file-description Adobe Device Central data
advs-file-description An advs file extension is related to the Adobe Device Central.

adw-file-extension
adw-file-description Tamil transliterater/font converter data
adw-file-description An adw file extension is related to the Tamil transliterater/font converter data format.

adx-file-extension
adx-file-description Approach database index
adx-file-description An adx file extension is related to the Approach database management system. An adx file contains database index.

adz-file-extension
adz-file-description Amiga emulator compressed ADF data
adz-file-description An adz file extension is related to the Amiga emulator compressed ADF file format.

ad_-file-extension
ad_-file-description Unknown file extension
ad_-file-description Files with ad_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ad_asm-file-extension
ad_asm-file-description Alibre Design CAD design
ad_asm-file-description Files with ad_asm suffix can be usually found as CAD drawings from Alibre Design CAD program.

ad_prt-file-extension
ad_prt-file-description Alibre Design CAD drawing
ad_prt-file-description Files with ad_prt file extension might be found as CAD drawings from Alibre Design, now known as Geomagic Design.

ae0-file-extension
ae0-file-description NetBSD Ethernet configuration file
ae0-file-description Files with ae0 extension are used by NetBSD program as its configuration files.

ae1-file-extension
ae1-file-description FileMaker Pro runtime database file
ae1-file-description FIles with ae1 extension are used by the FileMaker Pro program. They include database data.

aea-file-extension
aea-file-description Ae Timer alarm document
aea-file-description An aea file extension is related to the Ae Timer alarm document file format. An aea file contains alarm settings.

aeb-file-extension
aeb-file-description Alphacam wire EDM VB macro file
aeb-file-description Files with aeb extension are used by Alphacam program.

aec-file-extension
aec-file-description DataCAD drawing
aec-file-description An aec file extension is related to the DataCAD, a modeling tool. An aec file contains CAD drawing.

aecache-file-extension
aecache-file-description Adobe After Effects cache
aecache-file-description An aecache file extension is associated with the Adobe After Effects cache format.

aecap-file-extension
aecap-file-description Adobe After Effects text template
aecap-file-description An aecap file extension is associated with the Adobe After Effects, a digital visual effects and compositing software. An aecap file stores text template.

aed-file-extension
aed-file-description Alphacam wire EDM drawing
aed-file-description Files with aed file extension are EDM drawings used by Alphacam woodworking software.

aedt-file-extension
aedt-file-description ANSYS Electronics Desktop data
aedt-file-description Files with aedt extension are used by ANSYS Electronics Desktop software.

aee-file-extension
aee-file-description ASUS Data Security Manager protected data
aee-file-description Files with aee extension are usually found by on ASUS computers or laptops as files protected by the ASUS Data Security Manager.

aef-file-extension
aef-file-description ELECTRICAL Designer related data
aef-file-description Files with aef file extension can mainly be found as part of ELECTRICAL Designer program and used for one of its default 3D formats.

aeg-file-extension
aeg-file-description Netmino data
aeg-file-description Files with aeg file extension might have been found as part of Netmino contacts manager and address book for iOS 3 devices.

aegraphic-file-extension
aegraphic-file-description Adobe After Effects graphics
aegraphic-file-description An aegraphic file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects software for Windows and Mac. An aegraphic file contains graphics.

aeh-file-extension
aeh-file-description iPer Advanced Embedded Hypertext file
aeh-file-description Files with aeh extension are associated with Hyper Publish program. It includes some graphics data.

aei-file-extension
aei-file-description ABYSS game engine data
aei-file-description Files with aei file extension can be found as game resource data files in games based on ABYSS game engine.

aem-file-extension
aem-file-description Alphacam wire EDM parameter macro
aem-file-description An aem file extension is related to the Alphacam CAD software popular in woodworking industry. An aem file contains wire EDM parameter macro.

aen-file-extension
aen-file-description Inventus Antum secured encrypted data
aen-file-description An aen file extension is related to the Inventus Antum secured encrypted data format.

aeo-file-extension
aeo-file-description Avid MetaSync data
aeo-file-description An aeo file extension is related to the Avid MetaSync and used for its data files.

aep-file-extension
aep-file-description Adobe After Effects project
aep-file-description An aep file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects, a motion graphics and visual effects composing software for Windows and Mac. An aep file stores project.

aepkey-file-extension
aepkey-file-description Advanced Encryption Package key data
aepkey-file-description An aepkey file extension is related to the Advanced Encryption Package and used for its encrypted files.

aepl-file-extension
aepl-file-description Trojan data
aepl-file-description Files with aepl file extension can be possibly found as dangerous or malicious files generated by Trojans and other viruses.

aepx-file-extension
aepx-file-description Adobe After Effects XML project
aepx-file-description An aepx file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects, a video editing program for PC and Mac and used for its XML project files.

aer-file-extension
aer-file-description Adobe Atmosphere file
aer-file-description Files with aer extension are used for the Adobe Atmosphere application.

aerize-explorer-file-extension
aerize-explorer-file-description Aerize Explorer data
aerize-explorer-file-description Files with aerize-explorer file extension are related to the Aerize Explorer software.

aes-file-extension
aes-file-description Adobe After Effects stabilizer settings
aes-file-description An aes file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects video processing software. An aes file contains stabilizer settings.

aes256-file-extension
aes256-file-description Insurance.aes256 encrypted file
aes256-file-description An aes256 file extension is related to the Insurance.aes256 format used to store encrypted data from WikiLeaks site.

aesir-file-extension
aesir-file-description Locky ransomware affected file
aesir-file-description Files with aesir file suffix may be since November 2016 encountered as renamed and encrypted files affected by the Locky ransomware.

aet-file-extension
aet-file-description Adobe After Effects template
aet-file-description An aet file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects and used for its template files.

aetx-file-extension
aetx-file-description Adobe After Effects XML template
aetx-file-description An aetx file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects for Windows and Mac and used for its XML template files.

aeu-file-extension
aeu-file-description Microsoft AutoRoute Express Europe route data
aeu-file-description An aeu file extension is related to the Microsoft AutoRoute Express Europe route file format.

aev-file-extension
aev-file-description NotePad++ text editor data
aev-file-description Files with aev file extension are related to the Notepad++ text editor for Windows.

aex-file-extension
aex-file-description PGP armored extracted public encryption key
aex-file-description Files with aex file extension can be found as public encryption keys from the Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) a case data protection suite.

aexpk-file-extension
aexpk-file-description PGP armored extracted public key
aexpk-file-description An aexpk file extension is related to the PGP armored extracted public key format.

af-file-extension
af-file-description 3DPlus model
af-file-description An af file extension is related to the 3DPlus, a drawing application from Serif Europe.

af0-file-extension
af0-file-description PocketBook bookmark data
af0-file-description An af0 file extension is related to the PocketBook, an e-book reader. An af0 file stores bookmark.

af2-file-extension
af2-file-description Micrografx FlowCharter 2.0 flowchart
af2-file-description An af2 file extension is related to the Micrografx FlowCharter an analysis tool. An af2 file contains flowchart.

af3-file-extension
af3-file-description Micrografx FlowCharter flowchart
af3-file-description An af3 file extension is related to the Micrografx FlowCharter and used for its flowchart files. It is obsolete product replaced by iGrafx FlowCharter.

afa-file-extension
afa-file-description Astrotite compressed archive
afa-file-description Files with afa suffix can be most often found as compressed archives created using the Astrotite compression tool for Microsoft Windows.

afb-file-extension
afb-file-description Alphacam flame VB macro
afb-file-description An afb file extension is related to the Alphacam CAD, CAM software used in woodworking industry. An afb file stores macro in VB language created for Alphacam.

afc-file-extension
afc-file-description Compressed audio interchange file format
afc-file-description Files with afc file extension might also be found as compressed AIFF audio files.

afd-file-extension
afd-file-description ArisFlow flowchart diagram
afd-file-description An afd file extension is related to the ArisFlow and used for its flowchart diagram files.

afdesign-file-extension
afdesign-file-description Serif Affinity Designer document
afdesign-file-description Files with afdesign extension can be most notably encountered as graphics documents created using the Serif Affinity Designer vector editor for Mac.

afe-file-extension
afe-file-description Avid Media metadata
afe-file-description An afe file extension is related to the Avid Media Composer and used for its metadata files.

aff-file-extension
aff-file-description Advanced Forensics Format disk image
aff-file-description Files with aff file extension can be also found as metadata files saved in the Advanced Forensics Format.

afg-file-extension
afg-file-description Tablet assembly code
afg-file-description An afg file extension is related to the Tablet graphical viewer and used for its assembly files.

afi-file-extension
afi-file-description Aperio AFI picture image
afi-file-description An afi file extension is related to the Aperio software and used for its picture image files.

afl-file-extension
afl-file-description X-Plane data
afl-file-description An afl file extension is related to the X-Plane a flight simulator. An afl file stores game data.

afm-file-extension
afm-file-description Adobe font metrics
afm-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe AFM file extension!

afn-file-extension
afn-file-description ArtCAM font
afn-file-description An afn file extension is related to the ArtCAM and used for its font files.

afo-file-extension
afo-file-description Advanced File Organizer catalog
afo-file-description An afo file extension is related to the Advanced File Organizer and used for its catalog files.

afo-xvid-file-extension
afo-xvid-file-description Compressed video
afo-xvid-file-description An afo-xvid file extension is associated with the Xvid free video codec. An afo-xvid file contains digital movie.

afp-file-extension
afp-file-description FileProtector encrypted data
afp-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe AFP file extension!

afpk-file-extension
afpk-file-description Audfprint audio peak data
afpk-file-description An afpk file extension is related to the Audfprint, an audiofingerprinting software. An afpk file stores audio peak data.

afploc-file-extension
afploc-file-description Apple macOS filing protocol location
afploc-file-description An afploc file extension is related to Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system. An afploc file stores connection settings.

afpp-file-extension
afpp-file-description Mac Apple Share data
afpp-file-description An afpp file extension is related to Mac Apple Share service.

afr-file-extension
afr-file-description FreeBSD data
afr-file-description An afr file extension is related to FreeBSD operating system and used for its data files.

afs-file-extension
afs-file-description Adobe Type Manager font set
afs-file-description Files with afs suffix are in most cases font set files from Adobe Type Manager. One of the many font files.

afs3-file-extension
afs3-file-description AFS 3 Basic encrypted data
afs3-file-description An afs3 file extension is associated with the Advanced File Security Basic. An afs3 file contains encrypted data.

aft-file-extension
aft-file-description AnyForm template
aft-file-description An aft file extension is related to the AnyForm and used for its template files.

afw-file-extension
afw-file-description Micrografx FlowCharter work area data
afw-file-description An afw file extension is related to the Micrografx FlowCharter and used for its work area files. The Micrografx FlowCharter is now called iGrafx FlowCharter.

afx-file-extension
afx-file-description Auto F/X Image format
afx-file-description Files with the afx file extension can be mostly found as images in the Auto F/X Image format from Photo/Graphic Edges software.

afz-file-extension
afz-file-description Family Tree backup
afz-file-description An afz file extension is related to the Family Tree Maker and used for its backup files.

afzplug-file-extension
afzplug-file-description Corel AfterShot Pro plugin archive
afzplug-file-description An afzplug file extension is related to the Corel AfterShot Pro plugin archives.

ag-file-extension
ag-file-description Lotus Agenda file format
ag-file-description An ag file extension is related to the Lotus Agenda software.

ag4-file-extension
ag4-file-description Microsoft Access G4 data
ag4-file-description An ag4 file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, database management program. An ag4 file contains G4 data.

aga-file-extension
aga-file-description ArcGIS ArcGlobe data
aga-file-description An aga file extension is related to the ArcGIS ArcGlobe and used for its animation track files.

agathachristiedeathnilesavedgame-file-extension
agathachristiedeathnilesavedgame-file-description Agatha Christie Death on the Nile saved game
agathachristiedeathnilesavedgame-file-description Files with agathachristiedeathnilesavedgame extension is related to the Agatha Christie Death on the Nile video game.

agb-file-extension
agb-file-description NAVFone data
agb-file-description An agb file extension is related to the NAVFone navigation software. An agb file stores some kind of data.

agc-file-extension
agc-file-description AfterGRASP compiled script
agc-file-description An agc file extension is related to the AfterGRASP program. An agc file stores compiled script.

agd-file-extension
agd-file-description Agile Advantage data
agd-file-description An agd file extension is related to the Agile Advantage software. Agile Advantage was acquired by Rally Software.

agd1-file-extension
agd1-file-description Adobe FreeHand for Mac drawing
agd1-file-description An agd1 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand for Mac drawing format.

agd2-file-extension
agd2-file-description Adobe FreeHand 7 for Mac data
agd2-file-description An agd2 file extension is related to the Adobe Freehand for Mac version 7.

agdb-file-extension
agdb-file-description ANSYS DesignSpace data
agdb-file-description Files with agdb file extension might be found as part of ANSYS DesignSpace program. Looks like some sort of settings stored for projects.

age3rec-file-extension
age3rec-file-description Age of Empires III recorded game
age3rec-file-description An age3rec file extension is related to the Age of Empires III real time strategic computer game developed by Microsoft. An age3rec file stores recorded game.

age3sav-file-extension
age3sav-file-description Age of Empires III saved game
age3sav-file-description An age3sav file extension is related to the Age of Empires III, a real-time strategic computer game. An age3sav file stores saved player's progress in the game.

age3scn-file-extension
age3scn-file-description Age of Empires III scenario data
age3scn-file-description An age3scn file extension is related to the Age of Empires III, a real-time strategic computer game. An age3scn file stores scenario data.

age3xrec-file-extension
age3xrec-file-description Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs recorded replay
age3xrec-file-description An age3Xrec file extension is related to the Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs a real time strategic computer game. A .age3xrec file stores recorded game replay.

age3xsav-file-extension
age3xsav-file-description Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs saved game
age3xsav-file-description An age3xsav file extension is related to the Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs real-time strategic computer game. An age3xsav file stores saved game position.

age3xscn-file-extension
age3xscn-file-description Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs scenario
age3xscn-file-description The age3xscn file extension is related to the Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs real-time strategic computer game. The age3xscn file stores data for game scenarios.

age3yrec-file-extension
age3yrec-file-description Age Of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties recorded game
age3yrec-file-description Files with age3yrec file extension are related to Age of Empires III: Asian Dynasties computer game. These files are recorded matches that can be played back within the game.

age3ysav-file-extension
age3ysav-file-description Age Of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties saved game
age3ysav-file-description An age3ysav file extension is related to the Age Of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties, a real-time strategic computer game. An .age3ysav file stores gamer's progress in Age of Empires.

age3yscn-file-extension
age3yscn-file-description Age of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties scenario
age3yscn-file-description An age3Yscn file extension is related to the Age of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties a real-time strategic computer game from Microsoft. An age3Yscn file stores scenario data.

agent-file-extension
agent-file-description Forte Agent and FreeAgent data
agent-file-description Files with agent file extension might be found as data files from Forte Agent usenet client for Windows.

ageo-file-extension
ageo-file-description Dream Aquarium fish model
ageo-file-description An ageo file extension is related to the Dream Aquarium and used for its fish models.

agf-file-extension
agf-file-description Atlas GIS native binary geodataset
agf-file-description An agf file extension is associated with the Atlas GIS native binary geodataset format.

agg-file-extension
agg-file-description AggFlow plant flow analysis data
agg-file-description An agg file extension is related to the AggFlow software and used for its flow analysis files.

aggr-file-extension
aggr-file-description Adobe Captivate Aggregator data
aggr-file-description Files with aggr file extension can be found as aggregator files from Adobe Captivate e-learning software. An aggr file contains some kind of data.

agi-file-extension
agi-file-description Asterisk Gateway Interface data
agi-file-description An agi file extension is related to the Astersik, a toolkit for building communications applications. An agi file stores data for Gateway Interface.

agif-file-extension
agif-file-description Active GIF Creator project
agif-file-description An agif file extension is related to the Active GIF Creator and used for its project files.

agilekeychain-file-extension
agilekeychain-file-description 1Password data
agilekeychain-file-description An agilekeychain file extension is related to the 1Password and used for its data files.

agl-file-extension
agl-file-description ArgusLab molecular graphics modelling data
agl-file-description An agl file suffix is related to the ArgusLab, a molecular modeling software. An agl file contains graphics modeling data.

agldei-file-extension
agldei-file-description Adobe GoLive template
agldei-file-description An agldei file extension is related to the Adobe GoLive and used for its template files.

aglib-file-extension
aglib-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom library file
aglib-file-description Teh aglib file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and used for its library files.

agls-file-extension
agls-file-description Adobe GoLive snippet file
agls-file-description Detailed description

aglsl-file-extension
aglsl-file-description Adobe GoLive site
aglsl-file-description Files with aglsl extension are used by the Adobe GoLive program.

agm-file-extension
agm-file-description DTS Multi-channel Pro Packer data
agm-file-description An agm file extension is related to the DTS Multi-channel Pro Packer and used for its audio data files.

agmodule-file-extension
agmodule-file-description Adobe Lightroom module file
agmodule-file-description The agmodule file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and used for its module files.

agn-file-extension
agn-file-description Psion Series 3a Agenda data
agn-file-description An agn file extension is related to the Psion Series 3a Agenda file format.

ago-file-extension
ago-file-description Autolog script
ago-file-description An ago file extension is related to the Autolog software for Windows. An ago file contains script.

agp-file-extension
agp-file-description Aspen Graphics pages
agp-file-description An agp file extension is related to the Aspen Graphics and used for its data files.

agprefs-file-extension
agprefs-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom preferences
agprefs-file-description An agprefs file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom for Windows and used for its preferences files.

agr-file-extension
agr-file-description APM Graph vector graphics
agr-file-description Files with agr suffix can be mostly found  as vector graphics created using the APM Graph Editing tool.

ags-file-extension
ags-file-description Street Fighter IV game font
ags-file-description An ags file extension is related to the Street Fighter IV video game. An ags file stores game font.

agsc-file-extension
agsc-file-description XWE data
agsc-file-description An agsc file extension is related to the eXtendable Wad Editor software. An agsc file contains data.

agt-file-extension
agt-file-description PeerAgent Typed Executable E-mail data
agt-file-description An agt file extension is related to the PeerAgents - executable object-oriented email components.

agtemplate-file-extension
agtemplate-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom preset
agtemplate-file-description An agtemplate file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and used for its template files.

agtoolkit-file-extension
agtoolkit-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom file
agtoolkit-file-description The agtoolkit file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and used for its data files.

agv-file-extension
agv-file-description ArcGlobe video metadata
agv-file-description An agv file extension is related to ArcGIS geographic analyzing software. An agv file stores data for rendering a video layer in a geographic location.

agw-file-extension
agw-file-description Aspen Graphics data
agw-file-description An agw file extension is related to the Aspen Graphics data format.

agwl-file-extension
agwl-file-description Abstract Grid Workflow Language data
agwl-file-description An agwl file extension is related to the Abstract Grid Workflow Language (AGWL) and used for its data files.

agx-file-extension
agx-file-description IBM Rational Rose XDE data
agx-file-description Files with agx file extension can mainly be found as part of IBM Rational XDE.

agx1-file-extension
agx1-file-description Adobe FreeHand for Mac plug-in
agx1-file-description An agx1 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand for Mac and used for its plug-in.

agz-file-extension
agz-file-description AggFlow aggregate plant flow diagram
agz-file-description An agz file extension is related to the AggFlow aggregate plant flow diagram format.

ah-file-extension
ah-file-description FreeBSD data
ah-file-description An ah file extension is related to the FreeBSD operating system and used for its installation files.

ahb-file-extension
ahb-file-description AIM High briefcase report
ahb-file-description An ahb file extension is related to the AIM High, report writing tool. An ahb file contains briefcase report.

ahc-file-extension
ahc-file-description Resident Evil 4 game data
ahc-file-description An ahc file extension is related to the Resident Evil 4 adventure computer game. An ahc file stores some kind of game data.

ahd-file-extension
ahd-file-description Microsoft Dynamics AX on-line help data
ahd-file-description An ahd file extension is related to the Microsoft Dynamics AX On-line help data file format.

ahf-file-extension
ahf-file-description AnadigmDesigner ASCII code
ahf-file-description An ahf file extension is related to the AnadigmDesigner for Windows. An ahf file stores ASCII code.

ahi-file-extension
ahi-file-description Microsoft Dynamics AX online help index
ahi-file-description An ahi file extension is related to the Microsoft Dynamics AX online help index file format.

ahk-file-extension
ahk-file-description AutoHotkey script
ahk-file-description An ahk file extension is associated with the AutoHotkey and used for its script files.

ahl-file-extension
ahl-file-description eMule metadata
ahl-file-description An ahl file extension is related to the eMule, a file sharing application and network. An ahl file stores some kind of metadata.

ahod-file-extension
ahod-file-description Homeworld game data
ahod-file-description An ahod file extension is associated with the Homeworld and used for its game data files.

ahp-file-extension
ahp-file-description AutoCAD help data
ahp-file-description An ahp file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a 3D modeling program for Mac and Windows. An ahp file contains help information.

ahq-file-extension
ahq-file-description AudioHQ plug-in
ahq-file-description An ahq file extension is related to the AudioHQ management software for Sound Blaster Live! sound cards. An ahq file stores plug-in for AudioHQ.

ahrp-file-extension
ahrp-file-description Apple II+ image
ahrp-file-description An ahrp file extension is related to the Apple II+ computers. An ahrp file contains image.

ahs-file-extension
ahs-file-description Adobe Photoshop halftone screens file
ahs-file-description Files with ahs suffix can be most often found as special halftone screen settings from Adobe Photoshop graphics editor. Used for conversion of pictures to Grayscale.

ahtm-file-extension
ahtm-file-description HTML document
ahtm-file-description An ahtm file extension is related to the HTML document format.

ahtml-file-extension
ahtml-file-description HTML document
ahtml-file-description An ahtml file extension is related to the HTML document format.

ahu-file-extension
ahu-file-description Adobe Photoshop hue saturation lightness
ahu-file-description Files with ahu file extension can be found as one of the preset files for Adobe Photoshop. Hue Saturation Lightness preset data.

ahx-file-extension
ahx-file-description WinAHX tracker module
ahx-file-description An ahx file extension is related to the WinAHX, a music composing software. An ahx file contains music module.

ai3-file-extension
ai3-file-description Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic format
ai3-file-description An ai3 file extension is related to the Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic format.

ai4-file-extension
ai4-file-description Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic
ai4-file-description An ai4 file extension is related to Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic format developed by Adobe Systems.

ai5-file-extension
ai5-file-description Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic image
ai5-file-description An ai5 file extension is related to Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic file format developed by Adobe Systems. An ai5 files stores graphics data.

ai6-file-extension
ai6-file-description Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphics
ai6-file-description An ai6 file extension is related to the Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic format. An ai6 file contains graphics.

ai65-file-extension
ai65-file-description Adobe PageMaker for Mac plug-in file
ai65-file-description Detailed description

ai7-file-extension
ai7-file-description Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic data
ai7-file-description An ai7 file extension is related to Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic file format developed and used by applications developed by Adobe Systems.

ai8-file-extension
ai8-file-description Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic format
ai8-file-description A .ai8 file stores various graphics data in Generic Encapsulated PostScript graphic format.

aia-file-extension
aia-file-description Adobe Illustrator action data
aia-file-description Files with aia extension are quite often related to the Adobe Illustrator vector graphics editor and used to store actions (similar function like macros).

aib-file-extension
aib-file-description ArcInfo binary coverage data
aib-file-description An aib file extension is related to the ArcInfo software and used for its binary coverage data.

aic-file-extension
aic-file-description Advanced Image Coding
aic-file-description Files with aic file extension are mainly related to Advanced Image Coding format.

aid-file-extension
aid-file-description ACDSee Classic thumbnail data
aid-file-description Files with aid file extension is mainly related to older ACDSee Classic and used for its thumbnail files.

aidf-file-extension
aidf-file-description AI BiddingCockpit specification sheets
aidf-file-description An aidf file extension is related to the AI BiddingCockpit specification sheet format.

aidl-file-extension
aidl-file-description Google Android AIDL interface definition language data
aidl-file-description An aidl file extension is related to the Google Android operating system. An aidl file stores interface definition.

aif-file-extension
aif-file-description Audio Interchange Format audio
aif-file-description Files with aif extension can be typically found as audio files in the Audio Interchange File Format (AIFF). Playable in most media players nowadays.

aifb-file-extension
aifb-file-description AIF Builder project
aifb-file-description Files with aifb file extension are associated with the AIF Builder projects.

aifc-file-extension
aifc-file-description Audio Interchange File Format sound file with compression
aifc-file-description An aifc file extension is related to the Apple Audio Interchange File Format. An aifc file contains compressed audio.

aifr-file-extension
aifr-file-description Audio Interchange File Format
aifr-file-description An aifr file extension is associated with the Audio Interchange File Format (AIFF). An aifr file contains audio.

aig-file-extension
aig-file-description Architecture drawing
aig-file-description Files with aig file extension are kindred with Design Your Own Home Architecture application.

aih-file-extension
aih-file-description Attribute index
aih-file-description An aih file extension is related to the ArcGIS for Desktop. An aih file contains attribute index.

aij-file-extension
aij-file-description Oracle After-Image Journal data
aij-file-description Files with aij file extension might be found as After-Image Journal files from Oracle Database products.

ail-file-extension
ail-file-description AutoImager file
ail-file-description Files with ail suffix may be found as one of the data files from the AutoImager software.

aim-file-extension
aim-file-description Ascaron image format
aim-file-description Files with aim file extension are associated with Darkstar One space simulator computer game.

aiml-file-extension
aiml-file-description Artificial Intelligence Markup Language
aiml-file-description An aiml file extension is related to the Artificial Intelligence Markup Language.

aimppl-file-extension
aimppl-file-description AIMP media player playlist
aimppl-file-description An aimppl file extension is related to the AIMP media player and used for its playlist files.

ain-file-extension
ain-file-description ArcView attribute index
ain-file-description An ain file extension is related to ArcView and used for attribute index files.

aio-file-extension
aio-file-description APL file transfer format
aio-file-description An aio file extension is associated with the A Programming Language.

aip-file-extension
aip-file-description Adobe Illustrator plugin
aip-file-description Files with aip extension can be typically found as plugins for Adobe Illustrator graphics software. Used to add new functionalities and features to the program.

airapplication-file-extension
airapplication-file-description Adobe AIR application
airapplication-file-description An airapplication file extension is associated with the Adobe AIR and used for its application files.

airi-file-extension
airi-file-description Adobe AIR intermediate data
airi-file-description An airi file extension is related to the Adobe AIR (Adobe Integrated Runtime) and used for its intermediate files.

airport-file-extension
airport-file-description RealFlight simulator data
airport-file-description An airport file extension is related to the RealFlight program and used for its data files.

airports-file-extension
airports-file-description RealFlight airports data file
airports-file-description Detailed description

ais-file-extension
ais-file-description ACDSee album image sequence
ais-file-description An ais file extension is related to the ACDSee photo management and editing tool. An ais file stores album image sequence.

ait-file-extension
ait-file-description Adobe Illustrator template
ait-file-description Files with ait suffix are almost always templates for Adobe Illustrator. A pre-formatted example used to create same looking AI drawing.

aiu-file-extension
aiu-file-description MailWasher update
aiu-file-description An aiu file extension is related to the MailWasher utility and used for its update definition files.

aiv-file-extension
aiv-file-description Stronghold Crusader computer player AI
aiv-file-description An aiv file extension is related to the Stronghold Crusader computer game. An .aiv file contains computer player AI.

aiw-file-extension
aiw-file-description Formula One 2001 game data
aiw-file-description An aiw file extension is related to the Formula One 2001 video game. An aiw file contains game data.

aix-file-extension
aix-file-description IBM AIX data
aix-file-description Files with aix file extension might be possible found in AIX operating system by IBM.

aiz-file-extension
aiz-file-description Aero AIO plug-in
aiz-file-description Files with aiz file extension can be mainly found as plug-ins for Aero AIO KDE desktop customization utility.

aja-file-extension
aja-file-description Backup revision control archive file
aja-file-description Files with aja extension are associated with AJC company. They were used as backup files.

ajb-file-extension
ajb-file-description Alphacam water jet VB macro
ajb-file-description An ajb file extension is related to Alphacam, a CAD/CAM software for Woodworking industry. An ajb file stores water jet Visual Basic macro file.

ajd-file-extension
ajd-file-description Alphacam water jet drawing file
ajd-file-description Files with ajd extension are used by Alphacam software.

ajg-file-extension
ajg-file-description AJC Grep project
ajg-file-description An ajg file extension is associated with the AJC Grep program. An ajg file contains project.

ajl-file-extension
ajl-file-description CA ARCserve backup journal
ajl-file-description An ajl file extension is associated with the ARCserver and used for its backup journal.

ajm-file-extension
ajm-file-description Alphacam water jet parameter macro
ajm-file-description An ajm file extension is related to the Alphacam, a CAD solution in woodworking industry. An ajm file stores water jet parameter macro

ajp-file-extension
ajp-file-description AJP Player video
ajp-file-description Files with ajp extension can be most often encountered a video backup files from AJP Player

ajz-file-extension
ajz-file-description Archos Jukebox Recorder firmware update
ajz-file-description An ajz file extension is related to the Archos Jukebox Recorder and used for its firmware updates.

akai-file-extension
akai-file-description Akai S-series floppy disk image
akai-file-description An akai file extension is related to the Akai S-series floppy disk image format.

akf-file-extension
akf-file-description Adobe Acrobat key
akf-file-description An akf file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat software. An akf file stores key.

akm-file-extension
akm-file-description Aksharamala keymap binary data
akm-file-description An akm file extension is associated with the Aksharamala keymap binary data format.

akp-file-extension
akp-file-description Akai S5000, S6000 program data
akp-file-description An akp file extension is associated with the Akai S5000, S6000 program data format.

aks-file-extension
aks-file-description Aksharamala keymap binary data
aks-file-description An aks file extension is related to the Aksharamala keymap binary data format.

akt-file-extension
akt-file-description Aksharamala keymap source
akt-file-description An akt file extension is related to the Aksharamala keymap source file format.

akw-file-extension
akw-file-description Adobe RoboHelp help project index data
akw-file-description An akw file extension is related to the Adobe RoboHelp and used for its project index data.

al-file-extension
al-file-description Oracle Files data
al-file-description An al file extension is related to the Oracle Files a component of Oracle Collaboration Suite.

al%24-file-extension
al%24-file-description Steinberg Cubase compressed data
al%24-file-description An al$ file extension is related to the Steinberg Cubase compressed data format.

al3-file-extension
al3-file-description Electronic Data Interchange data
al3-file-description An al3 file extension is related to the Electronic Data Interchange format used by ACORD AL3.

al3d-file-extension
al3d-file-description Alicona 3D image
al3d-file-description An al3d file extension is related to the Alicona 3D image file format.

al7-file-extension
al7-file-description Casio electronic keyboard data
al7-file-description An al7 file extension is related to the Casio electronic keyboard data format.

al8-file-extension
al8-file-description AAA Logo project
al8-file-description Files with al8 file extension can be found as projects from AAA Logo program which is used to create new logos.

ala-file-extension
ala-file-description Alan interactive fiction language document
ala-file-description An ala file extension are related to the Alan interactive fiction language document format.

alac-file-extension
alac-file-description Apple Lossless Audio Codec audio data
alac-file-description An alac file extension is related to the Apple Lossless Audio Codec used by Apple devices, like iPhone and iPod. It is similar to free FLAC codec. An alac file stores audio data.

alan-file-extension
alan-file-description Alan v3 source code
alan-file-description An alan file extension is related to the Alan v3 source code file format.

alarmz-file-extension
alarmz-file-description Alarmz alarm data
alarmz-file-description An .alarmz file extension is related to the Alarmz program. An alarmz file contains alarm data.

alaw-file-extension
alaw-file-description A-law G.711 European telephony data
alaw-file-description Files with alaw file extension can be typically encountered as audio files saved in the A-law G.711 European telephony file format.

alb-file-extension
alb-file-description Steinberg Cubase or VST backup song
alb-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe ALB file extension!

alb3-file-extension
alb3-file-description Adobe PageMaker document
alb3-file-description An alb3 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker and used for its document files.

alb4-file-extension
alb4-file-description Adobe PageMaker for Mac document
alb4-file-description An alb4 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker and used for its document files.

alb5-file-extension
alb5-file-description Adobe PageMaker 5 document
alb5-file-description An alb5 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker and used for its document files.

alb6-file-extension
alb6-file-description Adobe PageMaker for Mac document
alb6-file-description An alb6 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker for Mac and used for its documents.

albm-file-extension
albm-file-description Photo album
albm-file-description Files with albm extension are related to the photo album file format used by various apps like Quick Album, Konvertor etc.

album-file-extension
album-file-description Thumbnail cache
album-file-description An album file extension is related to various apps, like FileCenter, Picture Information Extractor and used for their thumbnail cache files.

albummetadata-file-extension
albummetadata-file-description Apple iOS photo album metadata
albummetadata-file-description An albummetadata file extension is related ot the Apple iOS operating system and used for its photo album metadata files.

albw-file-extension
albw-file-description Zoom Player data
albw-file-description An albw file extension is related to the Zoom Player software.

alc-file-extension
alc-file-description Visual MP3 embedded dynamic lyrics
alc-file-description An alc file extension is related to the Visual MP3 an audio data organizing software. An alc file contains embedded dynamic lyrics.

alc4-file-extension
alc4-file-description Adobe PageMaker for Mac dictionary
alc4-file-description An alc4 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker for Mac dictionary file format.

alcatraz-file-extension
alcatraz-file-description Alcatraz Locker ransomware affected file
alcatraz-file-description Files with alcatraz suffix are renamed and encrypted file affected by Alcatraz ransomware.

alco-file-extension
alco-file-description URL Manager Pro data
alco-file-description An alco file extension is related to the URL Manager Pro a bookmark manager.

ald-file-extension
ald-file-description Alphacam laser CAD drawing
ald-file-description Files with ald file extension can be mostly found as special CAD files that contain laser drawings made in Alphacam CAD/CAM software for woodworking industry.

ald2-file-extension
ald2-file-description Adobe Pagemaker for Mac file
ald2-file-description Detailed description

ald3-file-extension
ald3-file-description Adobe PageMaker 3 for Mac file
ald3-file-description Detailed description

ald4-file-extension
ald4-file-description Adobe Pagemaker 4 for Mac file
ald4-file-description Detailed description

ald5-file-extension
ald5-file-description Adobe Pagemaker 6 for Mac data
ald5-file-description An ald5 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker version 6. Obsolete format.

ald6-file-extension
ald6-file-description Adobe PageMaker 6 for Mac file
ald6-file-description Files with ALD6 extension are related to old Adobe PageMaker 6 for Mac.

aldf-file-extension
aldf-file-description Aldefaer data
aldf-file-description An aldf file extension is related to the Aldefaer and used for its data files.

ale-file-extension
ale-file-description Avid log file format
ale-file-description An ale file extension is related to the AvidLogExchchange software. An ale file stores log data.

alex-file-extension
alex-file-description Alexa data
alex-file-description An alex file extension is related to the Alexa Web Service.

alf-file-extension
alf-file-description AbacusLaw data
alf-file-description Files with alf file extension can be found as data files from AbacusLaw software.

alf6-file-extension
alf6-file-description PageMaker default file
alf6-file-description The *.alf6 file extension is related to the PageMaker and used for its default files.

alg-file-extension
alg-file-description ER Mapper algorithm data
alg-file-description Files with alg file extension are mainly related to ER Mapper program and used for its algorithm data files.

alh5-file-extension
alh5-file-description Adobe PageMaker add-in file
alh5-file-description An alh5 file extension was plugins used by Adobe PageMaker desktop publishing software.

ali-file-extension
ali-file-description Blackberry Application Loader data
ali-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe ALI file extension!

alias-file-extension
alias-file-description Alias image
alias-file-description An alias file extension is related to the Alias image file format developed by the Wavefront Technologies.

aliases-file-extension
aliases-file-description LabVIEW IP addresses map
aliases-file-description An aliases file extension is related to the programming platform called LabVIEW. A .aliases file contains IP addresses maps.

alic-file-extension
alic-file-description Atoll data
alic-file-description An alic file extension is related to the Atoll software for Microsoft Windows.

alk-file-extension
alk-file-description DataLocker encrpyted data
alk-file-description Files with alk file extension can be found as encrypted files from DataLocker data encryption software.

all-file-extension
all-file-description Corel WordPerfect general printer information data
all-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe ALL file extension!

allele.no.snp-file-extension
allele.no.snp-file-description PLINK allele mismatch report file
allele.no.snp-file-description The *.allele.no.snp file extension is related to the PLINK and used for its allele mismatch report files.

allow-file-extension
allow-file-description Linux access data
allow-file-description An allow file extension is related to the Linux operating system and used for its access files.

alm-file-extension
alm-file-description Alpha Five database information
alm-file-description Files with alm file extension are related to the Alpha Five development tool. An alm file stores database information.

almb-file-extension
almb-file-description Mac OS 8.1 action module data
almb-file-description An almb file extension is related to the Mac OS 8.1 action module data.

almn-file-extension
almn-file-description Location Manager Module
almn-file-description Detailed description

aln-file-extension
aln-file-description LexNavigator database update
aln-file-description An aln file extension is related to the LexNavigator software. An aln file stores database update.

alo-file-extension
alo-file-description Star Wars: Empire at War game file
alo-file-description Files with alo suffix can be found as graphic model files for the Star Wars: Empire at War computer game.

alp-file-extension
alp-file-description Alphacam laser post data
alp-file-description Fles with alp file extension are in most cases data files from Alphacam woodworking software. These files contain laser post data.

alpha-file-extension
alpha-file-description Gimp data
alpha-file-description An alpha file extension is associated with the GNU Image Manipulation Program.

alr-file-extension
alr-file-description ADRIFT language resource
alr-file-description An alr file extension is related to the ADRIFT language and used for its source code files.

als-file-extension
als-file-description Alias bitmap image
als-file-description Files with als extension can be found as bitmap images in old Alias Research bitmap format.

alt-file-extension
alt-file-description Corel WordPerfect menu library
alt-file-description Files with alt file extension are mainly related to Corel WordPerfect and used for files that menu library.

alt3-file-extension
alt3-file-description Adobe PageMaker template
alt3-file-description An alt3 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker. An alt3 file stores document template.

alt4-file-extension
alt4-file-description Adobe Pagemaker for Mac data
alt4-file-description An alt4 file extension is related to the Adobe Pagemaker and used for its data files.

alt5-file-extension
alt5-file-description Adobe Pagemaker 5 for Mac document file
alt5-file-description Detailed description

alt6-file-extension
alt6-file-description Adobe PageMaker 6 file
alt6-file-description Detailed description

alth-file-extension
alth-file-description QuickHelp for Mac data
alth-file-description An alth file extension is associated with the QuickHelp for Mac software. An alth file stores data.

altova_licenses-file-extension
altova_licenses-file-description Altova licence data
altova_licenses-file-description A file extension altova_licenses is associated with the Altova programs. An altova_licenses file contains information about user license.

altp-file-extension
altp-file-description QuickHelp file
altp-file-description Detailed description

altq-file-extension
altq-file-description QuickView settings file
altq-file-description Detailed description

altv-file-extension
altv-file-description QuickView help data
altv-file-description An altv file extension is related to the QuickView and used for its help data.

alv-file-extension
alv-file-description Adobe Photoshop levels data
alv-file-description An alv file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop and used for its levels data.

alw-file-extension
alw-file-description A-law G.711 European telephony format
alw-file-description Files with alw file extension can be found as old A-law G.711 audio format for telephones.

aly-file-extension
aly-file-description Sage ACT! data
aly-file-description An aly file extension is related to the ACT! software. An aly file stores data.

alz-file-extension
alz-file-description ALZip compressed archive
alz-file-description Files with alz file extension can be typically found as compressed archives created using the ALZip utility. One of the many compressed archives types.

am-file-extension
am-file-description Applix SHELF macro
am-file-description An am file extension is related to the Applix SHELF macro files used by IBM Cognos Business Intelligence.

am1-file-extension
am1-file-description Adventure Maker project
am1-file-description Files with am1 file extension are saved projects from Adventure Maker program. Contains work in progress.

am2-file-extension
am2-file-description AutoPlay Menu Studio ver.2 data
am2-file-description An am2 file extension is related to the AutoPlay Menu Studio ver.2 data format.

am3-file-extension
am3-file-description AutoPlay Menu Studio ver.3 data
am3-file-description An am3 file extension is related to the AutoPlay Menu Studio, a tool for creating autorun menus. An am3 file stores some kind of data.

am4-file-extension
am4-file-description AutoPlay Menu Studio version 4 project
am4-file-description An am4 file extension is related to the AutoPlay Menu Studio and used for its project files.

am5-file-extension
am5-file-description AutoPlay Menu Studio ver.5 data
am5-file-description An am5 file extension is related to the AutoPlay Menu Studio version 5. A .am5 file stores data.

am6-file-extension
am6-file-description AutoPlay Menu Studio ver.6 data
am6-file-description An am6 file extension is related to the AutoPlay Menu Studio and used for its data files.

am7-file-extension
am7-file-description AutoPlay Menu Studio ver.7 data
am7-file-description An am7 file extension is related to the AutoPlay Menu Studio and used for its data files.

ama-file-extension
ama-file-description ArcGIS ArcMap data
ama-file-description An ama file extension is associated with the ArcGIS ArcMap data format.

amaya-file-extension
amaya-file-description Amaya data
amaya-file-description An amaya file extension is related to the Amaya software and used for its data files.

amb-file-extension
amb-file-description Alphacam 3D Mill or 2D Mill VB macro
amb-file-description An amb file extension is related to the CAD/CAM software called Alphacam. An amb file stores visual basic macro for Alphacam 3D/2D Mill.

amc-file-extension
amc-file-description Microsoft Windows AMC media data
amc-file-description Files with amc extension can be most found as media data file for AXIS Media Control included in Microsoft Windows operating system.

amd-file-extension
amd-file-description Alphacam 3D Mill, 2D Mill drawing
amd-file-description An amd file extension is related to the Alphacam 3D Mill, 2D Mill drawing file format.

ame-file-extension
ame-file-description ACT! e-mail system library
ame-file-description An ame file extension is related to the ACT!, a CRM system for Windows. An ame file stores e-mail system library.

ameproj-file-extension
ameproj-file-description Adobe Media Encoder file
ameproj-file-description The ameproj file extension is related to the Adobe Media Encoder and used for its data files.

ameprojcc-file-extension
ameprojcc-file-description Adobe Media Encoder project
ameprojcc-file-description An ameprojcc file extension is related to the Adobe Media Encoder project files.

ameprojcs5-file-extension
ameprojcs5-file-description Adobe Media Encoder file
ameprojcs5-file-description Files with ameprojcs5 file extension are related to the Adobe Media Encoder software.

ameprojcs5.5-file-extension
ameprojcs5.5-file-description Adobe Media Encoder CS 5.5 project
ameprojcs5.5-file-description Files with ameprojcs5.5 extension are related to Adobe Media Encoder. The *.ameprojcs5.5 files contain project.

ameprojcs6-file-extension
ameprojcs6-file-description Adobe Media Encoder project
ameprojcs6-file-description An ameprojcs6 file extension is associated with the Adobe Media Encoder project files.

ames-file-extension
ames-file-description NASA Ames data exchange format
ames-file-description An ames file extension is related to the NASA Ames data exchange format.

amf-file-extension
amf-file-description Additive Manufacturing Format
amf-file-description Files with amf extension can be most often found as 3D models exported to special Additive Manufacturing Format for 3D printing.

amf0-file-extension
amf0-file-description Charles AMF dump
amf0-file-description Files with amf0 file suffix are related to the Charles Web Debugging Proxy software.

amf3-file-extension
amf3-file-description Charles AMF dump
amf3-file-description Files with amf3 file suffix are related to the Charles Web Debugging Proxy software.

amfm-file-extension
amfm-file-description Adobe multiple font metrics file
amfm-file-description The AMFM file extension is related to the Adobe multiple font metrics file format.

amg-file-extension
amg-file-description AMG ACTOR system image
amg-file-description An amg file extension is related to the AMG ACTOR program and used for its system images. Probably obsolete.

ami-file-extension
ami-file-description AMI BIOS firmware data
ami-file-description Files with ami file extension can commonly be found as firmware updates for AMI BIOS.

amiglobe-file-extension
amiglobe-file-description Amiglobe 2001 data
amiglobe-file-description An amiglobe file extension is related to the Amiglobe 2001 software for Windows.

amio-file-extension
amio-file-description Adobe Audition AMIO plugin
amio-file-description An amio file extension is associated with the Adobe Audition, an audio editing program. An amio file contains AMIO plugin.

amipro-file-extension
amipro-file-description Ami Pro table structure file
amipro-file-description Files with amipro extension were used by AmiPro wordprocessor. They included table structure files.

amiramesh-file-extension
amiramesh-file-description Amira 3D mesh
amiramesh-file-description An amiramesh file extension is related to the Amira 3D mesh file format.

amj-file-extension
amj-file-description AceMoney database
amj-file-description Files with amj file extension are in most cases main accounting databases from AceMoney personal finance software.

amk-file-extension
amk-file-description AceMoney backup
amk-file-description Files with amk file extension can be found as backup files from AceMoney personal finance software.

aml-file-extension
aml-file-description Microsoft Assistance Markup Language
aml-file-description Files with aml extension can be most often found as source code written in the the Microsoft Assistance Markup Language.

amm-file-extension
amm-file-description Abbyy data
amm-file-description An amm file extension is related to the ABBYY Finereader Pro and used for its data files.

amn-file-extension
amn-file-description Aero Studio 2008 menu data
amn-file-description An amn file extension is related to the Aero Studio 2008 and used for its menu files.

amo-file-extension
amo-file-description AIM AOL Instant Messenger UI plug-in
amo-file-description Files with amo file extension are related to the AIM AOL Instant Messenger UI plug-in format.

amodel-file-extension
amodel-file-description ActiveModeler project file
amodel-file-description Files with AMODEL extension are projects from ActiveModeler program.

amos-file-extension
amos-file-description AMOS Basic code file
amos-file-description Files with amos extension are source code files used by AMOS software.

amp-file-extension
amp-file-description Adobe Photoshop arbitrary map settings
amp-file-description An amp file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop, a digital picture image editing software for Mac and Windows. An amp file stores arbitrary map settings data.

amplxeproj-file-extension
amplxeproj-file-description Intel VTune Amplifier XE project
amplxeproj-file-description An amplxeproj file extension is related to the Intel VTune, a performance profiler. An amplxeproj file stores project.

ams-file-extension
ams-file-description Velvet Studio module
ams-file-description An ams file extension is related to the Velvet Studio, an audio composing program. An ams file contains module.

amsm-file-extension
amsm-file-description Atomic Mail Sender project
amsm-file-description An amsm file extension is related to the Atomic Mail Sender, a software for sending mass messages. An amsm file contains project.

amsorm-file-extension
amsorm-file-description OnLine Ringman data
amsorm-file-description An amsorm file extension is related to the Online Ringman software and used for its data files.

amsproj-file-extension
amsproj-file-description Ashampoo Music Studio project
amsproj-file-description An amsproj file extension is related to the Ashampoo Music Studio and used for its project files.

amst-file-extension
amst-file-description Atomic Mail Sender template
amst-file-description An amst file extension is related to the Atomic Mail Sender and used for its template files.

amt-file-extension
amt-file-description Alphacam 3D Mill, 2D Mill tool
amt-file-description An amt file extension is related to the Alphacam, a CAD/CAM and NC programming utilities for Windows. An amt file stores tool.

amt50-file-extension
amt50-file-description BERNINA V5.0 Embroidery Software template
amt50-file-description An amt50 file extension is related to the ArtLink and used for its embroidery template format.

amt60-file-extension
amt60-file-description BERNINA V6.0 Embroidery Software template
amt60-file-description An amt60 file extension is related to the BERNINA V6.0 Embroidery Software. An amt60 file contains template.

amts-file-extension
amts-file-description XWE data
amts-file-description An amts file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

amu-file-extension
amu-file-description Sony PictureGear Studio photo album
amu-file-description Files with amu file extension are related to the Sony PictureGear Studio software. An amu file contains album with digital photos.

amv-file-extension
amv-file-description AMV video file format
amv-file-description Files with amv file extension can be mainly found as a low resolution videos in the AMV format.

amw-file-extension
amw-file-description Alcorn McBride show controller data
amw-file-description Files with amw file extension are associated with the Alcorn McBride show controller data format.

amx-file-extension
amx-file-description Adobe motion exchange data
amx-file-description An amx file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects application. An amx file contains motion exchange files.

amxd-file-extension
amxd-file-description Max for Live project
amxd-file-description An amxd file extension is related to the Max for Ableton Live and used for its project files.

amxx-file-extension
amxx-file-description AMX Mod X plug-in
amxx-file-description Files with amxx file suffix can be typically encountered as plug-ins from AMX Mod X for Half-Life.

amz-file-extension
amz-file-description Amazon MP3 Downloader data
amz-file-description An amz file extension is related to the Amazon MP3 Downloader and used for its downloading purposes.

an-file-extension
an-file-description Adobe Edge Animate project
an-file-description An an file extension is related to the Adobe Edge Animation and used for its project files.

an1-file-extension
an1-file-description DeLorme Street Atlas drawing
an1-file-description Files with an1 file extension are GPS drawings used in DeLorme Street Atlas program.

an2-file-extension
an2-file-description Croc animation
an2-file-description An an2 file extension is related to the Croc: Legend of the Gobbos. An an2 file contains animation.

an8-file-extension
an8-file-description Anim8or 3D animation
an8-file-description An an8 file extension is associated with the Anim8or, a 3D modeling program. An an8 file contains animation.

ana-file-extension
ana-file-description Analysis for Windows file
ana-file-description Files with ana suffix are in most cases data files from Analysis for Windows finite element analysis software for structural and civil engineering by Cuylaerts Engineering.

analogproject-file-extension
analogproject-file-description Analog Projects project
analogproject-file-description An analogproject file extension is related to the Analog Projects.

analysislog-file-extension
analysislog-file-description SecuROM analysis data
analysislog-file-description An analysislog file extension is related to the SecuROM a data protection software.

anat-file-extension
anat-file-description XNBC network anatomy data
anat-file-description An anat file extension is related to the XNBC and used for its network anatomy software.

anb-file-extension
anb-file-description i2 Analyst's Notebook analytical chart
anb-file-description Files with anb extension can be usually found as analytical chart files from the i2 Analyst's Notebook.

anc-file-extension
anc-file-description Canon Computer Pattern Maker color pattern list
anc-file-description An anc file extension is related to the Canon Computer Pattern Maker color pattern list format.

ancs-file-extension
ancs-file-description Metroid Prime animation data
ancs-file-description An ancs file extension is related to the Metroid Prime, a first person shooter video game. An acs file stores animation data.

and-file-extension
and-file-description Apadana project
and-file-description An and file extension is associated with Apadana and was used in some early development stage for project files.

android-file-extension
android-file-description Readme file
android-file-description Files with android file extension might be found as readme files for Android apps.

androidproj-file-extension
androidproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Android project
androidproj-file-description An androidproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio Android projects.

ane-file-extension
ane-file-description Adobe AIR native extension
ane-file-description An ane file extension is related to the Adobe AIR (Adobe Integrated Runtime). An ane file stores native extension.

anf-file-extension
anf-file-description ANSYS DesignModeler data
anf-file-description An anf file extension is related to the DesignModeler, software for Windows, developed by ASNYS Inc.

ang-file-extension
ang-file-description AIMSUN NG related data
ang-file-description An ang file extension is related to the AIMSUN NG software. An ang file stores data related to AIMSUN NG.

angelamerkel-file-extension
angelamerkel-file-description Angela Merkel ransomware affected file
angelamerkel-file-description Files with angelamerkel suffix are encrypted and renames files affected by Angela Merkel ransomware.

angleware-file-extension
angleware-file-description HiddenTear/MafiaWare (variant) ransomware affected file
angleware-file-description Files with AngleWare suffix were encrypted and renamed by a variant of HiddenTear/MafiaWare ransomware.

anh-file-extension
anh-file-description ActivTrak net view history data
anh-file-description An anh file extension is associated with the ActivTrak and used for its net view history data.

anim-file-extension
anim-file-description Unity animation clip
anim-file-description Files with anim file extension can be in recent years typically encountered as animation clips scripted in Unity engine.

animatable_rigid_model-file-extension
animatable_rigid_model-file-description Empire: Total War animation
animatable_rigid_model-file-description An animatable_rigid_model file suffix is related to the Empire: Total War animation files.

animations-file-extension
animations-file-description Stardock SkinStudio data
animations-file-description An .animations file extension is related to the Stardock SkinStudio software.

animset-file-extension
animset-file-description FaceFX animation set
animset-file-description An animeset file extension is related to the FaceFX and used for its animation set files.

animset_ingame-file-extension
animset_ingame-file-description FaceFX in-game animation set
animset_ingame-file-description An animset_ingame file extension is related to the FaceFX 3D modeling software. An animset_ingame file contains in-game animation set.

aniso-file-extension
aniso-file-description Chemical crystallography data
aniso-file-description An .aniso file extension is related to the CRYSTALS and other specialized chemistry computer applications.

anjuta-file-extension
anjuta-file-description Anjuta DevStudio project
anjuta-file-description An anjuta file extension is related to the Anjuta DevStudio integrated development environment for Linux. An .anjuta file contains programming project.

anki-file-extension
anki-file-description Anki deck data
anki-file-description An anki file extension is related to the Anki e-learning software for various platforms. An anki file contains check data.

anl-file-extension
anl-file-description Alphacam nest list
anl-file-description Files with anl file extension can mainly be found as nest lists for Alphacamp woodworking software.

anm-file-extension
anm-file-description Jazz Jackrabbit 2 title sets image
anm-file-description Files with anm file extension were also used in legendary Jazz Jackrabbit computer game series for PC back in the 90s. Some sort of graphic data file for the game.

anme-file-extension
anme-file-description Anime Studio project
anme-file-description An anme file extension is related to the Anime Studio project file format.

ann-file-extension
ann-file-description Microsoft Windows Help annotation
ann-file-description An ann file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Help, a Windows Help viewing tool and used for its annotation files.

annot-file-extension
annot-file-description Adobe Digital Editions annotations data
annot-file-description An annot file extension is related to the Adobe Digital Editions and used for its annotations files.

anp-file-extension
anp-file-description Annotis Mail data
anp-file-description An anp file extension is associated with the Annotis Mail, a plugin for Microsoft Outlook. An anp file contains data. Probably obsolete.

anr-file-extension
anr-file-description DeLorme Street Atlas route
anr-file-description Files with anr file extension can mostly be found as route data from DeLorme Street Atlas.

ans-file-extension
ans-file-description ANSI text (ANSI Art)
ans-file-description An ans file extension is associated with the ANSI Art text file format.

ansa-file-extension
ansa-file-description LS-OPT ANSA morph data
ansa-file-description An ansa file extension is associated with the LS-OPT software and used for its morph files.

ansi-file-extension
ansi-file-description Mistaken TXT document
ansi-file-description An ansi file extension is related to ANSI coded txt files, viewable in any text editor.

ansr-file-extension
ansr-file-description AnswerTool answer document
ansr-file-description An ansr file extension is associated with the AnswerTool, a utility used to create answer files.

ansym-file-extension
ansym-file-description Adobe Edge Animate library
ansym-file-description An ansym file extension is related to the Adobe Edge Animate and used for its library files.

ant-file-extension
ant-file-description SimAnt for Windows saved game
ant-file-description Files with ant file extension might be found as part of old SimAnt computer game from Maxis.

antifrag-file-extension
antifrag-file-description DC++ incomplete download
antifrag-file-description An antifrag file extension is related to the DC++ client for Direct Connect network. An .antifrag file contains incomplete download.

antihacker2017-file-extension
antihacker2017-file-description Xorist (variant) Ransomware affected file
antihacker2017-file-description Files with antihacker2017 extension can be found as encrypted and renamed files affected by a variant of Xorist ransomware.

antispam5-file-extension
antispam5-file-description Personal AntiSpam settings
antispam5-file-description Files with antispam5 file extension can be found as settings from Personal AntiSpam program. Contains saved settings.

antmpl-file-extension
antmpl-file-description Adobe Edge Animate template
antmpl-file-description An antmpl file extension is related to the Adobe Edge Animate, an animation software. An antmpl file contains template.

ants-file-extension
ants-file-description Tansee Transfer backup
ants-file-description An ants file extension is related to the Tansee iPhone/iPad/iPod SMS&MMS&iMessage Transfer. An ants file stores backup.

anv-file-extension
anv-file-description ActivTrak Net View file
anv-file-description Files with anv extension are used by ActivTrak. They include domains, subnets, column format etc.

anx-file-extension
anx-file-description HotDocs answer
anx-file-description An anx file extension is related to the HotDocs and used for its answer files.

any-file-extension
any-file-description AnyRail layout plan
any-file-description An any file extension is related to the AnyRail, a design tool and used for its layout plan files.

anydesk-file-extension
anydesk-file-description AnyDesk session record
anydesk-file-description Files with anydesk extension are found session records related to AnyDesk desktop remote program for Windows.

anydvd-file-extension
anydvd-file-description AnyDVD registration key
anydvd-file-description An anydvd file extension is related to the AnyDVD software. A .anydvd file contains registration key.

anydvdhd-file-extension
anydvdhd-file-description AnyDVD registration key
anydvdhd-file-description An anydvdhd file extension is related to the AnyDVD HD software. An anydvdhd file stores registration key.

anydvd_smsk-file-extension
anydvd_smsk-file-description AnyDVD speedmenu skin
anydvd_smsk-file-description Files with  .anydvd_smsk extension are used by AnyDVD software from SlySoft. The *.anydvd_smsk files stores skin.

an_-file-extension
an_-file-description Unknown file extension
an_-file-description Files with an_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ao-file-extension
ao-file-description ActionOutline data
ao-file-description Files with ao file extension can be found as part of ActionOutline program.

aoa-file-extension
aoa-file-description Adaptive Optics AOA data
aoa-file-description Files with aoa file extension might be found as special Adaptive Optics AOA files.

aob-file-extension
aob-file-description DVD Audio Object data
aob-file-description An aob file extension is related to the DVD Audio Object file format.

aod-file-extension
aod-file-description Microsoft Dynamics AX object data
aod-file-description An aod file extension is related to the Microsoft Dynamics AX and used for its object data files.

aof-file-extension
aof-file-description Artlantis object
aof-file-description Files with aof file extension can be mainly found as 3D objects used by Artlantis rendering software. Proprietary format useable only in Artalntis.

aoi-file-extension
aoi-file-description AOI scene data
aoi-file-description An aoi file extension is related to the Art of Illusion and used for its scene files.

aois-file-extension
aois-file-description CFS Console add-on installer settings file
aois-file-description The aois file extension is related to the CFS Console and used for its add-on installer settings files.

aol-file-extension
aol-file-description America Online related data
aol-file-description An aol file extension is related to the America Online related data.

aom-file-extension
aom-file-description Adobe After Effects output settings
aom-file-description An aom file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects a digital motion graphics software. An aom file stores output settings.

aon-file-extension
aon-file-description ArtOfNoise Amiga audio data
aon-file-description Files with aon file extension might be found as old audio files from ArtOfNoise program.

aop-file-extension
aop-file-description JBoss AS JAR archive
aop-file-description Files with aop suffix can be found as special JAR archives from JBoss Application Server.

aorder-file-extension
aorder-file-description FotoMagica data
aorder-file-description Files with aorder file extension are related to the FotoMagica and used for its data files.

aos-file-extension
aos-file-description Nokia 9000 Communicator add-on software
aos-file-description An aos file extension is related to GEOS operating system installed in the Nokia 9000 Communicator. An aos file contains app, or add-on to GEOS system.

aot-file-extension
aot-file-description ZenWorks snAppShot application binary object template
aot-file-description An aot file extension is related to the ZenWorks snAppShot and used for its application binary object template.

ap-file-extension
ap-file-description WHAP compressed Amiga archive
ap-file-description Files with ap file extension can be encountered as older WHAP archives for Amiga platform.

ap0-file-extension
ap0-file-description Microsoft Windows APW_data
ap0-file-description An ap0 file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system and used for its APW_data files.

ap11-file-extension
ap11-file-description Siemens TIA V11 data
ap11-file-description An ap11 file extension is related to the Siemens TIA V11 files used by Siemens TIA Portal app.

ap12-file-extension
ap12-file-description TIA version 12 project
ap12-file-description An ap12 file extension is related to the TIA version 12 software. An ap12 file contains project.

ap13-file-extension
ap13-file-description TIA Portal project
ap13-file-description Files with ap13 extension are project made and saved using the TIA Portal programming solution.

ap2-file-extension
ap2-file-description ActivInspire resource pack
ap2-file-description Files with ap2 file extension can be found as resource packs for the ActivInspire program.

ap3-file-extension
ap3-file-description Asprova project
ap3-file-description An ap3 file extension is related to the Asprova planning software. An ap3 file contains project.

ap4-file-extension
ap4-file-description Kids&Us Talking Pen audio
ap4-file-description Files with ap4 extension is related to the Kids&Us Talking Pen and used for its audio files.

ap%3F-file-extension
ap%3F-file-description LoseThos C+ source file
ap%3F-file-description Detailed description

apa-file-extension
apa-file-description RSView Application Manager project archive
apa-file-description An apa file extension is related to the RSView application. An apa file contains archives for RSView Application Manager.

apalbum-file-extension
apalbum-file-description Apple Aperture album
apalbum-file-description An apalbum file extension is related to the Apple Aperture and used for its photo album files.

apb-file-extension
apb-file-description Alphacam punch VB macro
apb-file-description Files with apb suffix are in most cases macro files from Alphacam CAD/CAM woodworking software.

apc-file-extension
apc-file-description Lotus printer driver characters
apc-file-description An apc file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3 and used for its printer driver characteristics files.

apcdoc-file-extension
apcdoc-file-description Ashampoo Photo Commander data
apcdoc-file-description An apcdoc file extension is related to the Ashampoo Photo Commander and used for its data files.

apd-file-extension
apd-file-description Eclipse plugin descriptor file
apd-file-description Files with apd suffix may be mostly found as plugin descriptor files for the Eclipse programming environment.

apdb-file-extension
apdb-file-description Apple Photo library
apdb-file-description Files with apdb file extension can be usually found on OS X (macOS) platform as photo libraries from Apple Photo, or older Aperture apps.

apdetected-file-extension
apdetected-file-description Apple iPhoto data
apdetected-file-description Files with apdetected file extension might be found as some kind of indexing files from Apple iPhoto (Apple Photo) application for Mac OS X / macOS.

apdisk-file-extension
apdisk-file-description Apple macOS disk information data
apdisk-file-description An apdisk file extension is related to Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system. An apdisk file stores information about mounted folders from Windows network.

ApertureEdit-file-extension
ApertureEdit-file-description Apple Aperture file
ApertureEdit-file-description Detailed description

apertureexport-file-extension
apertureexport-file-description Apple Aperture data
apertureexport-file-description An apertureexport file extension is related to the Apple Aperture, a picture image management tool. An apertureexport file stores data.

apex-file-extension
apex-file-description AVM Sample Studio bank file
apex-file-description Files with apex extension can be usually found as audio files saved in special AVM Sample Studio bank format.

apf-file-extension
apf-file-description Lotus printer driver fonts
apf-file-description An apf file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3 and used for its printer driver fonts.

apfacename-file-extension
apfacename-file-description Apple iPhoto face data
apfacename-file-description Files with apfacename file extension are face data files from Apple iPhoto program. Used to save facial data of persons on photos in iPhoto library.

apfolder-file-extension
apfolder-file-description Apple Photos data
apfolder-file-description The apfolder file extension is related to the Apple Photos and Apple iPhoto tools from OS X system.

apg-file-extension
apg-file-description Ivana animated GIF file
apg-file-description Files with apg extension are used for some graphic files created by Ivana company programs.

aph-file-extension
aph-file-description Ability Photoalbum album database
aph-file-description An aph file extension is related to the Ability Photoalbum. An aph file stores album database.

api-file-extension
api-file-description Adobe Acrobat plugin
api-file-description Files with api file extension might be generally found as plugins for Adobe Products, like Acrobat.

apin-file-extension
apin-file-description Adobe InDesign import/export filter
apin-file-description An apin file extension is associated with the Adobe InDesign and used for its filter files.

api_filters-file-extension
api_filters-file-description Eclipse API settings
api_filters-file-description An api_filters file extension is related to the Eclipse, an integrated development tool for various platforms. An api_filters file contains API settings.

apj-file-extension
apj-file-description Angel Debug Monitor project
apj-file-description Files with apj file extension are used by Angel Debug Monitor from Cirrus Logic.

apkg-file-extension
apkg-file-description Anki deck package
apkg-file-description Files with apkg extension contain export data from Anki tool for Windows, OS X (macOS) and mobile platforms.

apks-file-extension
apks-file-description APK set archive
apks-file-description Files with apks extension are APK set archives generated with the bundletool utility from AAB packages.

apl-file-extension
apl-file-description Team Developer application library
apl-file-description Files with apl file extension are used for Team Developer application. They include application library data.

aplg-file-extension
aplg-file-description Audials One add-on
aplg-file-description An aplg file extension is related to the Audials One, an audio and video management tool. An aplg file stores add-on.

aplibrary-file-extension
aplibrary-file-description Aperture pictures library database
aplibrary-file-description An aplibrary file extension is related to the Aperture a photo editing software developed by Apple. An aplibrary file stores library database.

aplmodel-file-extension
aplmodel-file-description Apple iCal file
aplmodel-file-description Detailed description

apln-file-extension
apln-file-description Adobe InDesign 3rd party plug-in
apln-file-description APLN files are used as plugins for Adobe InDesign desktop publishing software. InDesign is part of Adobe Creative Cloud services and software.

aplp-file-extension
aplp-file-description Audials One add-on installation package
aplp-file-description An aplp file extension is related to the Audials One software. An aplp file stores add-on installation package.

aplt-file-extension
aplt-file-description AppleScript applet
aplt-file-description An aplt file extension is related to the AppleScript language. An aplt file contains applet.

apm-file-extension
apm-file-description Aldus Placeable metafile image
apm-file-description Files with apm  extension are mainly related to the Aldus Placeable metafile file format used by various Microsoft Windows apps.

apmaster-file-extension
apmaster-file-description Apple Photos data
apmaster-file-description An apmaster file extension is related to the Apple Photos and Apple iPhoto applications.

apmx64-file-extension
apmx64-file-description API Monitor data
apmx64-file-description An apmx64 file extension is associated with the API Monitor. An apmx64 file stores data.

apmx86-file-extension
apmx86-file-description API Monitor captured data
apmx86-file-description An apmx86 file extension is related to the API Monitor a tool for monitoring API calls. An apmx86 file stores captured data.

apn-file-extension
apn-file-description Alpine wallpaper
apn-file-description An apn file extension is related to multimedia devices developed by Alpine Electronics, Inc.

apng-file-extension
apng-file-description Animated portable network graphics
apng-file-description An apng file extension is related to the Animated portable network graphics files.

apnx-file-extension
apnx-file-description Amazon Kindle ebook index
apnx-file-description Files with apnx suffix can be typically found as ebook index files from Amazon Kindle platform. Used to speedup loading of ebooks.

apo-file-extension
apo-file-description Abacre Paperless Office data
apo-file-description An apo file extension is related to the Abacre Paperless Office software.

app-se-file-extension
app-se-file-description Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 data
app-se-file-description An app-se file extension is related to Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 smart mobile phone with Google Android operating system.

appc-file-extension
appc-file-description WebLogic file
appc-file-description Files with APPC extension can be found as part of WebLogic application server.

appcache-file-extension
appcache-file-description HTML5 cache manifest
appcache-file-description An appcache file extension is related to the HTML5 markup language and used for its cache manifest files.

appcontent-ms-file-extension
appcontent-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows application content
appcontent-ms-file-description An appcontent-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 8 and Windows 10 systems. An appcontent-ms file stores application content information.

appdata-file-extension
appdata-file-description VMware cache
appdata-file-description A .appdata file extension is related to VMware Workstation and other apps developed by VMware.

appdownload-file-extension
appdownload-file-description Mac OS App Store incomplete download
appdownload-file-description An appdownload file extension is related to the Mac OS X (macOS) operating system and used for incomplete downloads from App Store.

appicon-file-extension
appicon-file-description VMWare cache
appicon-file-description An appicon file extension is related to the VMware Workstation and used for its cache.

appimage-file-extension
appimage-file-description Application portable image
appimage-file-description An appimage file extension is related to image format used to distribute portable apps for Linux-based operating systems.

appinfo-file-extension
appinfo-file-description VMware Workstation appData cache file
appinfo-file-description An .appinfo file extension is related to the VMware Workstation appData cache files.

applace-file-extension
applace-file-description Apple Photos data
applace-file-description An applace file extension is related to the Apple Photos and iPhoto and used for its data files.

apple-file-extension
apple-file-description Apple AppleSingle data
apple-file-description Files with apple extension are mainly related to old Apple Unix operating system (A/UX). Used in AppleSingle program.

appledouble-file-extension
appledouble-file-description Apple AppleDouble resource data
appledouble-file-description An appledouble file extension is related to AppleDouble file system introduced in Apple A/UX system.

applescript-file-extension
applescript-file-description AppleScript script
applescript-file-description An applescript file extension is related to the AppleScript scripting language.

applesyncinfo-file-extension
applesyncinfo-file-description iOS data
applesyncinfo-file-description An applesyncinfo file extension is related to the Apple iOS operating system for iPhone, iPod Tuch and iPad.

applet-file-extension
applet-file-description Eclipse IDE for Java Developers data
applet-file-description An applet file extension is related to the Eclipse, an integrated development environment that allows programmers to create apps in Java programming language.

appletviewer-file-extension
appletviewer-file-description Java appletviewer data
appletviewer-file-description An appletviewer file extension is related to the Java programming language and is used for its settings files.

apple_partition_map-file-extension
apple_partition_map-file-description Apple partition scheme
apple_partition_map-file-description An apple_partition_map file extension is related to the Apple partition scheme file format.

appodeal-file-extension
appodeal-file-description Google Android Appodeal SDK data
appodeal-file-description An appodeal file extension is related to the Appodeal SDK for Google Android. An appodeal file stores data.

appref-ms-file-extension
appref-ms-file-description Application Reference data
appref-ms-file-description An appref-ms file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows and .NET Framework.

approj-file-extension
approj-file-description ActivePresenter project
approj-file-description File extension approj is most likely only associated and used in  the ActivePresenter - Screencasting & Rapid Authoring Tool software for Windows.

appt-file-extension
appt-file-description Authentica Secure Office protected PowerPoint presentation
appt-file-description Files with appt file extension can be found as specially encrypted PowerPoint presentations made in Authentica Secure Office.

appup-file-extension
appup-file-description Erlang application upgrade file
appup-file-description The appup file extension is related to the Erlang programming language. The *.appup file stores application upgrade.

appv-file-extension
appv-file-description App-V archive
appv-file-description An appv file extension is related to the App-V (Microsoft Application Virtualization) virtualization software and used for its app archive files.

appxmanifest-file-extension
appxmanifest-file-description Windows Store app source manifest
appxmanifest-file-description An appxmanifest file extension is associated with Windows Store app source manifest files.

appxsym-file-extension
appxsym-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Windows 8 application information
appxsym-file-description An appxsym file extension is related to Microsoft Visual Studio, an apps development software. An .appxsym file stores reports about crashes and problems of developing application.

appxupload-file-extension
appxupload-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Windows application upload data
appxupload-file-description An appxupload file extension is related to Microsoft Visual Studio a software used for developing applications for Microsoft Windows.

apr-file-extension
apr-file-description ArcView project
apr-file-description An apr file extension is associated with the ArcGIS for Desktop and used for its project files.

apref-ms-file-extension
apref-ms-file-description Application reference data
apref-ms-file-description An apref-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. An apref-ms file contains application reference data.

aprj-file-extension
aprj-file-description ApacheConf project
aprj-file-description An aprj file extension is related to ApacheConf  a software tool for configuring Apache web servers. An aprj file stores configuration project created in the ApacheConf.

apr_lib-file-extension
apr_lib-file-description Altium Designer aperture library
apr_lib-file-description An apr_lib file extension is related to the Altium Designer, a PCB designing tool for Windows. An apr_lib file stores aperture library.

aps-file-extension
aps-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ binary resource
aps-file-description An aps file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++ development environment. An aps file contains binary version of resource files.

apsmartalbum-file-extension
apsmartalbum-file-description Apple Aperture file
apsmartalbum-file-description Detailed description

apt-file-extension
apt-file-description Alphacam punch tool data
apt-file-description An apt file extension is related to the Alphacam, a CAD software used in woodworking industry. An apt file stores punch tool data.

apu-file-extension
apu-file-description Canon G3 corrupted RAW image
apu-file-description Files with apu file extension are related to the Canon Powershot G3 digital camera. An apu file contains corrupted RAW image.

apv-file-extension
apv-file-description Acerose password data
apv-file-description An apv file extension is related to the Acerose password database.

apvault-file-extension
apvault-file-description Apple Aperture vault
apvault-file-description An apvault file extension is related ot the Apple Aperture and used for its vault files.

apversion-file-extension
apversion-file-description Apple Photos data
apversion-file-description An apversion file extension is related to Apple Photos and iPhoto apps. An apversion file stores data.

apvolume-file-extension
apvolume-file-description Apple Photos data
apvolume-file-description An apvolume file extension is related to the Apple Photos and Apple iPhoto applications.

apw-file-extension
apw-file-description Any Password password cache
apw-file-description Files with apw suffix are often found as password caches from Any Password software for managing passwords.

apx-file-extension
apx-file-description Borland C++ appexpert database
apx-file-description Files with apx file extension might also be found as appexpert databases from Borland C++.

apxl-file-extension
apxl-file-description Apple Keynote presentation XML document settings
apxl-file-description Files with apxl file extension can be usually found as settings files from Apple Keynote. Used to define users settings in the program.

apxt-file-extension
apxt-file-description DataLink settings data
apxt-file-description An apxt file extension is related to the DataLink setting file format.

apz-file-extension
apz-file-description AMS shared project
apz-file-description Files with apz file extension can be found as projects from AutoPlay Media Studio app development program.

ap_-file-extension
ap_-file-description Google Android development resources package
ap_-file-description Files with ap_ file extension can be mainly found as compressed resource packages for Google Android development.

aq-file-extension
aq-file-description Ancestral Quest Genealogy data
aq-file-description Files with aq file extension can be most often found as special genealogy data files from Ancestral Quest Genealogy software.

aq1-file-extension
aq1-file-description AptiQuiz test
aq1-file-description An aq1 file extension is related to the AptiQuiz and used for its test files.

aqa-file-extension
aqa-file-description AptiQuiz result data
aqa-file-description An aqa file extension is associated with the AptiQuiz and used for its result data.

aqc-file-extension
aqc-file-description AquaChem database
aqc-file-description An aqc file extension is related to the AquaChem and used for its database files.

aqdb-file-extension
aqdb-file-description ANSYS Workbench data
aqdb-file-description An aqdb file extension is associated with the ANSYS Workbench and used for its data files.

aqf-file-extension
aqf-file-description Aquifer-Generated web page
aqf-file-description An aqf file extension is associated with the Aquifer Content Management System suite that allows organizations to cost effectively transition websites, intranets and extranets from static brochures to information rich resources. An aqf file stores generated web page.

aql-file-extension
aql-file-description AOL DLL library
aql-file-description An aql file extension is related to applications developed by AOL company.

aqm-file-extension
aqm-file-description CP/M information data
aqm-file-description An aqm file extension is related to the CP/M, an operating system for various platforms. An aqm file contains information data.

aqp-file-extension
aqp-file-description Quizmaker 08' and older quiz data
aqp-file-description Files with aqp file extension are saved and published quizzes from earlier version of Articulate Quizmaker program.

aqq-file-extension
aqq-file-description AQQ plug-in
aqq-file-description An aqq file extension is related to the AQQ Komunikator and used for its plug-ins.

aqt-file-extension
aqt-file-description AQTitle subtitles
aqt-file-description An aqt file extension is related to the AQTitle subtitles file format. An aqt file stores subtitles.

aqz-file-extension
aqz-file-description Amateur Radio Questionary Data
aqz-file-description Files with aqz file extension might be found as ZIP compressed Amateur Radio Questionary Data files.

ar-file-extension
ar-file-description Linux/Unix command library
ar-file-description Files with ar extension are also related to ar archiving program on Unix platform.

ar-wmp-file-extension
ar-wmp-file-description BrainVoyager QX anatomical-resolution volume map file
ar-wmp-file-description Detailed description

ar0-file-extension
ar0-file-description MyDOS Ramdisk data
ar0-file-description Files with ar0 file extension is related to the MyDOS, a program for ATARI 8-bit computers.

ar1-file-extension
ar1-file-description MyDOS Ramdisk data
ar1-file-description An ar1 file extension is associated with the MyDOS, a program for ATARI 8-bit computers.

ara-file-extension
ara-file-description ATI Radeon video driver
ara-file-description An ara file extension is related to drivers for ATI graphics cards. An ara file stores video driver.

arb-file-extension
arb-file-description Alphacam router VB macro
arb-file-description An arb file extension is associated with the Alphacam a CAD/CAM and NC programming apps for Microsoft Windows. An arb file stores macro written in Visual Basic language for Alphacam.

arbvp1-file-extension
arbvp1-file-description Google Earth shader
arbvp1-file-description An arbvp1 file extension is related to the Google Earth program for Windows and Mac. An arbvp1 file stores shader.

arc.lh-file-extension
arc.lh-file-description Nintendo archive
arc.lh-file-description An arc.lh file extension is related to video games for Nintendo Wii. An arc.lh file stores game data.

axp-file-extension
axp-file-description AnvilCad CAD model
axp-file-description An axp file extension is related to the AnvilCad and used for its CAD document files.

axq-file-extension
axq-file-description Edit Rocket Ada Editor file
axq-file-description Detailed description

axr-file-extension
axr-file-description ElcomSoft Advanced Archive Password recovery data
axr-file-description Files with axr file extension can be found as some sort of archives created using Advanced Archive Password Recovery software.

axs-file-extension
axs-file-description ActiveX script
axs-file-description Files with axs file extension can be found as ActiveX scripts used in Microsoft Windows operating system.

axt-file-extension
axt-file-description Adobe Photoshop replace color range
axt-file-description An axt file extension is mainly related to the Adobe Photoshop, a digital photos editing tool for Windows and OS X (macOS). An axt file contains replace color range data.

axv-file-extension
axv-file-description Annodex digital media format
axv-file-description An axv file extension is associated with the Annodex Digital Media Format.

axw-file-extension
axw-file-description Analyzer StateForms data
axw-file-description Files with axw file extension are used for Analyzer, a program for Microsoft Windows. An axw file contains StateForms data.

axx-file-extension
axx-file-description AxCrypt encrypted data
axx-file-description Files with axx extension can be usually found as files encrypted using the AxCrypt open-source encryption software.

ax_-file-extension
ax_-file-description Unknown file extension
ax_-file-description Files with ax_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ay-file-extension
ay-file-description Audio Overload project
ay-file-description An ay file extension is related to the Audio Overload and used for its projects.

ayat-file-extension
ayat-file-description Ayat data
ayat-file-description An ayat file extension is related to the Ayat, a Quranic study tool. An ayat file stores data.

ayc2-file-extension
ayc2-file-description CS-80V data
ayc2-file-description An ayc2 file extension is related to the CS-80V music composing application.

aye-file-extension
aye-file-description Unknown file extension
aye-file-description Files with aye file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ayn-file-extension
ayn-file-description Ayona music data
ayn-file-description Files with ayn file extension can be found as audio files compressed using Ayona music format.

ayt-file-extension
ayt-file-description Ayat data
ayt-file-description Files with ayt extension are data files from Ayat quantic software.

ayu-file-extension
ayu-file-description AY-Paste uninstall data
ayu-file-description Files with ayu file extension might be found as uninstall files from AY-Paste software from Aysoft. Old file type.

ayy-file-extension
ayy-file-description FSUTMS binary transit plotting model
ayy-file-description An ayy file extension is related to the FSUTMS service developed by FDOT. An ayy file stores  binary transit plotting model.

az-file-extension
az-file-description WinDVD data
az-file-description Files with az file extension is used for WinDVD application. An az file contains data.

az%21-file-extension
az%21-file-description Vuze partial download
az%21-file-description An az! file extension si related to the Vuze a bittorrent client for various platforms. An az! file stores partial download data.

aza-file-extension
aza-file-description QazaR Archive compressed data
aza-file-description An aza file extension is related to the QazaR, a compression software. An aza file stores archive.

azd-file-extension
azd-file-description Amazon Software Downloader data
azd-file-description An azd file extension is related to the Amazon Software Downloader and used for its data files.

azf-file-extension
azf-file-description AirZip FileSECURE secure format
azf-file-description An azf file extension is related to the AirZip FileSECURE program. An azf file contains protected data.

azl-file-extension
azl-file-description Amazon Kindle data
azl-file-description An azl file extension is related to the Amazon Kindle and used for its data files.

azm-file-extension
azm-file-description Amazon Kindle data
azm-file-description An azm file extension is related to the Amazon Kindle service.

azn-file-extension
azn-file-description Amazon Kindle newspaper data
azn-file-description An azn file extension is associated with the Amazon Kindle and used for its newspaper files.

azp-file-extension
azp-file-description Close Combat effect data
azp-file-description An azp file extension is related to the Close Combat and used for its effect files.

azs-file-extension
azs-file-description AirZip FileSECURE secure format
azs-file-description An azs file extension is related to the AirZip FileSECURE software. An azs file stores secured data.

azt-file-extension
azt-file-description AutoZilla template data
azt-file-description An azt file extension is related to the AutoZilla software and used for its template files.

azw1-file-extension
azw1-file-description Amazon Kindle Topaz e-book
azw1-file-description Files with azw1 file extension can be found as e-books from the Amazon Kindle Topaz platform. Special e-book format, often used on Whispernet.

azw2-file-extension
azw2-file-description Amazon Kindle program
azw2-file-description An azw2 file extension is related to Amazon Kindle a family of e-book readers. An azw2 file contains application written for Kindle.

azw3f-file-extension
azw3f-file-description Amazon Kindle metadata
azw3f-file-description Files with azw3f extension might be found as metadata files for AZW3 e-books.

azw3r-file-extension
azw3r-file-description Amazon Kindle metadata
azw3r-file-description Files with azw3r file extension might be found as metadata files for AZW3 e-books.

azw6-file-extension
azw6-file-description Amazon Kindle eBook
azw6-file-description Files with azw6 file extension are commonly used for Amazon Kindle eBook format.

azx-file-extension
azx-file-description ZX Audio file format
azx-file-description An azx file extension is related to ZX Audio file format. An azx file stores audio.

azz-file-extension
azz-file-description AZZ Cardfile information card
azz-file-description An azz file extension is related to the AZZ Cardfile software for manage personal information. An azz file stores  information card.

azzx-file-extension
azzx-file-description AZZ Cardfile uncompressed data
azzx-file-description An azzx file extension is related to the AZZ Cardfile and used for its uncompressed data files.

bak-file-extension
bak-file-description Generally a backup created by various software applications

bar-file-extension
bar-file-description BlackBerry OS 10 application installation package

bat-file-extension
bat-file-description Batch file (executable)
bat-file-description Files with bat file extension can be commonly found as so called batch files. These text files are small scripts that contain a sequence of commands for a computer operating system.

bbb-file-extension
bbb-file-description BlackBerry backup (post 2012)
bbb-file-description Files with bbb extension can be generally found as backup files of Blackberry smart phone created in the Blackberry Link or Blackberry desktop software for PC or Mac.

bc-file-extension
bc-file-description BitTorrent unfinished download

bc%21-file-extension
bc%21-file-description Bittorrent unfinished download
bc%21-file-description Files with bc! file extensions can be commonly found as partially downloaded files saved by BitTorrent clients. These are renamed until the download is finished.

big-file-extension
big-file-description Electronic Arts game resource package

bik-file-extension
bik-file-description BINK video
bik-file-description Files with bik file extension can be most often encountered as video files encoded using the special Bink and Smacker codec. Typically encountered in older computer games.

bin-file-extension
bin-file-description CD/DVD binary image

bkf-file-extension
bkf-file-description Microsoft backup

bkp-file-extension
bkp-file-description Backup
bkp-file-description Files with bkp extension can be mainly found as older backup files from backup utilities and other programs.

blf-file-extension
blf-file-description Microsoft Windows registry data file

bmp-file-extension
bmp-file-description Standard Windows bitmap image

b-file-extension
b-file-description IBM Lotus applause batch list
b-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe B file extension!

b%21k-file-extension
b%21k-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator scenery data
b%21k-file-description A b!k file extension is related to the Microsoft Flight Simulator. A b!k file contains scenery data.

b%26w-file-extension
b%26w-file-description Bitmap image
b%26w-file-description A b&w file extension is associated with some bitmap image format from Atari and Mac computers.

b00-file-extension
b00-file-description VMware ESXi boot information
b00-file-description Files with b00 file extension may be found as part of bootable ISO media based on the VMware ESXi technology.

b01-file-extension
b01-file-description Blindwrite image segment file
b01-file-description Files with b01 file extension can be found as disk images created using the Blindwrite optical media copying software. A b01 file contains disk image created in the Blindwrite.

b02-file-extension
b02-file-description Blindwrite image
b02-file-description A b02 file extension is related to the Blindwrite and used for its disk image files.

b04-file-extension
b04-file-description NRG Symphonie RAW data
b04-file-description Files with b04 file extension are related to the NRG Symphonie RAW data format.

b1-file-extension
b1-file-description B1 compressed archive
b1-file-description Files with b1 file extension can be mostly found as native compressed archives created using the B1 Archive Manager.

b16-file-extension
b16-file-description PCO image
b16-file-description Files with b16 file extension can be found as digital images recorded by PCO camera systems.

b1j-file-extension
b1j-file-description BookJones data
b1j-file-description A b1j file extension is related to the BookJones app. Probably obsolete format.

b2-file-extension
b2-file-description Progress database
b2-file-description A b2 file extension is related to Progress database file format.

b24-file-extension
b24-file-description Ovation Pro for RISC OS C script
b24-file-description A b24 file extension is related to the Ovation Pro and used for its script files.

b25-file-extension
b25-file-description Ovation Pro for RISC OS DDL data
b25-file-description A b25 file extension is related to the Ovation Pro for RISC OS DDL library format.

b26-file-extension
b26-file-description Ovation Pro for RISC OS style sheet file
b26-file-description Files with b26 extension are used by the Ovation Pro for RISC OS operating system. They include saved programs's style sheets.

b27-file-extension
b27-file-description Ovation Pro for RISC OS document
b27-file-description A b27 file extension is related to the Ovation Pro for RISC OS. A b27 file stores document.

b2a-file-extension
b2a-file-description Binary to ASCII (BTOA) encoded data
b2a-file-description A b2a file extension is related to the Binary to ASCII (BTOA) encoded data format.

b2d-file-extension
b2d-file-description Brutus2D source code
b2d-file-description A b2d file extension is related to the Brutus2D programming language. A b2d file contains source code.

b2f-file-extension
b2f-file-description RISC OS Windows metafile
b2f-file-description Detailed description

b2k-file-extension
b2k-file-description Sensible Soccer 2006 data
b2k-file-description A b2l file extension is related to the Sensible Soccer 2006 and used for its game data files.

b2z-file-extension
b2z-file-description B2Z dVS Model/Object
b2z-file-description Files with b2z file extension might be mostly found as old  B2Z dVS Model/Objects.

b30-file-extension
b30-file-description Ventura Publisher printer font
b30-file-description A b30 file extension is related to the Ventura Publisher printer font format.

b32-file-extension
b32-file-description MS-DOS BCC data
b32-file-description Ae b32 file extension is related to the Borland C Compiler for MS-DOS.

b3d-file-extension
b3d-file-description BodyPaint 3D format
b3d-file-description Files with b3d file extension can be usually found as 3D graphics files from the BodyPaint 3D from Maxon.

b3p-file-extension
b3p-file-description Native Instruments Battery preset
b3p-file-description A b3p file extension is related to the Battery a drum sampler. A b3p file contains preset.

b4a-file-extension
b4a-file-description Native Instruments B4 II data
b4a-file-description A b4a file extension is associated with the Native Instruments KONTAKT software.

b4f-file-extension
b4f-file-description Burn4Free project
b4f-file-description A b4f file extension is related to the Burn4Free optical media burning software. A b4f file contains burning project.

b4p-file-extension
b4p-file-description Native Instruments B4 II preset
b4p-file-description A b4p file extension is related to the Native Instruments B4 II preset format.

b4s-file-extension
b4s-file-description Winamp 3 playlist
b4s-file-description A b4s file extension is related to the Winamp 3 playlist file format. Winamp 3 is obsolete product.

b4u-file-extension
b4u-file-description Visual ReadMe data
b4u-file-description Files with b4u extension can be found as readmes utilized in docPointer software.

b5-file-extension
b5-file-description MDBG Chinese-English dictionary data
b5-file-description A b5 file extension is related to the MDBG, an on-line Chinese to English dictionary. A b5 file stores data.

b5i-file-extension
b5i-file-description BlindWrite image
b5i-file-description Files with b5i file extension are disk images used in BlindWrite version 5 or later.

b5l-file-extension
b5l-file-description BlindWrite image
b5l-file-description A b5l file extension is related to the BlindWrite and used for its disk image files.

b5s-file-extension
b5s-file-description Numerical Controlled Machine data
b5s-file-description Files with b5s extension can be found as Numerical Controlled Machine data. Most likely obsolete file format.

b5t-file-extension
b5t-file-description BlindWrite image
b5t-file-description A b5t file extension is related to the BlindWrite software and used for its track information files.

b60-file-extension
b60-file-description RISC OS PNG bitmap image
b60-file-description Files with b60 file extension are used by RISC OS for ARM chip sets. They contain some Portable Network Graphic files.

b64-file-extension
b64-file-description ASCII base64 MIME encoded archive
b64-file-description A b64 file extension is related to the ASCIIi base64 MIME encoded archive file format.

b6i-file-extension
b6i-file-description BlindWrite disk image
b6i-file-description Files with b6i extension can be found as disk image made using BlindWrite burning software and virtual disk emulation software

b6l-file-extension
b6l-file-description Blindwrite license
b6l-file-description A b6l file extension is related to the Blindwrite software and used for its license files.

b6t-file-extension
b6t-file-description BlindWrite table of contents
b6t-file-description Files with b6t file extension can be usually found as one of the files from a disk image bundle created using BlindWrtite from a physical media disc.

b8-file-extension
b8-file-description Bitmap picture image
b8-file-description Files with b8 file extension can be found as old bitmap images.

ba-file-extension
ba-file-description Scifer Archive External archive format
ba-file-description A ba file extension is related to the Scifer Archive External archive format developed by Senthil Kumar R.

ba0-file-extension
ba0-file-description B.O.U.T. Evolution texture
ba0-file-description Files with ba0 file extension are textures from B.O.U.T Evolution computer game. Massive online game.

ba1-file-extension
ba1-file-description Microsoft Windows Media Center report log
ba1-file-description Files with ba1 suffix can be mostly found as report logs generated by Microsoft Windows Media Center.

ba2-file-extension
ba2-file-description Fallout 4 archive
ba2-file-description Files with ba2 extension can be nowadays mostly found as game archives from the Fallout 4 computer game by Bethesda.

bab-file-extension
bab-file-description Babble! data
bab-file-description A bab file extension is related to the Babble! program and used for its data files.

babl-file-extension
babl-file-description DeBabelizer file
babl-file-description Detailed description

babyluvsavedgame-file-extension
babyluvsavedgame-file-description Baby Luv saved game
babyluvsavedgame-file-description A babyluvsavedgame file extension is related to the Baby Luv saved game files.

bac-file-extension
bac-file-description Basic compiled program
bac-file-description A bac file extension is related to the BASIC programming language IDEs and compilers. A bac file stores compiled program.

back-file-extension
back-file-description RMCProfile coefficient
back-file-description A back file extension is related to the RMCProfile program and used for its coefficient data.

backpack-file-extension
backpack-file-description Mammoet Software data
backpack-file-description Files with backpack file extension might possibly be found in programs from Mammoet Software.

backup-file-extension
backup-file-description Backup of current ISAPI application
backup-file-description Files with backup file extension can be generally found as various backups from different programs.

backupdb-file-extension
backupdb-file-description Apple Time Machine backup folder
backupdb-file-description A backupdb file extension is related to Apple Time Machine backup utility. A backupdb file stores incremental backups of important data or whole Mac hard drive.

bad-file-extension
bad-file-description Oracle BAD data
bad-file-description A bad file extension is related to the Oracle Database, a relational database management system.

bada-file-extension
bada-file-description Samsung bada data
bada-file-description Files with bada extension may be found as part of Samsung bada operating system for smartphones.

badongo-file-extension
badongo-file-description Badongo information service file
badongo-file-description Files with badongo extension are used by the Badongo cloud service.

baf-file-extension
baf-file-description BioWare Infinity game engine script
baf-file-description Files with baf extension can be found as scripts from Bioware's Infinity game engine used in such hits like Baldur's Gate.

bafl-file-extension
bafl-file-description BurnAware Free compilation
bafl-file-description A bafl file extension is related to the BurnAware Free and used for its compilation files.

bag-file-extension
bag-file-description Emperor: Battle for Dune game data
bag-file-description A bag file extension is related to the Emperor: Battle for Dune strategic video game for Windows. A bag file contains game data.

baggage-file-extension
baggage-file-description InstallAware setup dialog baggage
baggage-file-description Files with baggage file suffix are associated with the InstallAware setup dialog format.

bah-file-extension
bah-file-description BioWare Infinity game engine data
bah-file-description Bah file extension is used for BioWare game engine called Infinity.

bai-file-extension
bai-file-description Bank Administration Institute format
bai-file-description Files with bai suffix may be usually found as special bank files used for cash management balance reporting.

bak1-file-extension
bak1-file-description Backup format
bak1-file-description A bak1 file extension is traditionally used for backup files, often can be recovered by simply renaming to the original file suffix.

bak2-file-extension
bak2-file-description Microsoft FrontPage data
bak2-file-description A bak2 file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage software. A bak2 file contains data.

bak3-file-extension
bak3-file-description Crysis backup
bak3-file-description A bak3 file extension is related to the Crysis, a 3D first person shooter computer game. A .bak3 file contains backup.

baka-file-extension
baka-file-description XWE data
baka-file-description A baka file extension is related to the eXtendable Wad Editor and used for its data files.

bakx-file-extension
bakx-file-description Finale backup
bakx-file-description A bakx file extension is related to the Finale a music notation software. A bakx file stores backup file.

bak%7E-file-extension
bak%7E-file-description AbiWord auto-saved document
bak%7E-file-description A bak~ file extension is related to the AbiWord, a text editing tool for various platforms. A .bak~ file stores auto-saved document.

bal-file-extension
bal-file-description Borland programming language source code
bal-file-description A bal file extension is related to applications developed by Borland. A bal file stores source code.

ballhallasavedgame-file-extension
ballhallasavedgame-file-description Ballhalla saved game
ballhallasavedgame-file-description The ballhallasavedgame file extension is related to the Ballhalla saved game files.

balz-file-extension
balz-file-description BALZ compressed archive
balz-file-description A balz file extension is related to the BALZ compressed archive file format.

bam-file-extension
bam-file-description Bob's Adlib music file format
bam-file-description Files with bam file extension can also be found as some old audio files in Bob's Adlib format.

bamboopaper-file-extension
bamboopaper-file-description Bamboo document
bamboopaper-file-description Files with bamboopaper file extension can be found as documents made on Bamboo line of tablets from Wacom.

baml-file-extension
baml-file-description Compiled XAML file
baml-file-description Files with baml extension are associated with binary version of xaml file format.

bamp-file-extension
bamp-file-description Easy Button & Menu Maker project
bamp-file-description Files with bamp file extension can be encountered as saved projects from Easy Button & Menu Maker by Bluementals.

ban-file-extension
ban-file-description Sierra Print Artist banner file
ban-file-description Files with ban suffix can be found as graphic banners created in Sierra Print Artist.

banana-file-extension
banana-file-description Banaranama question export data
banana-file-description A banana file suffix is related to the Banaranama question export data format.

band-file-extension
band-file-description GarageBand music project
band-file-description Files with band extension are mainly related to Apple GarageBand program. These files are the default project files saved in the program.

bank-file-extension
bank-file-description Darkest Dungeon sound data
bank-file-description Files with bank extension may be found as game (sound) files from Darkest Dungeon horror dungeon crawler computer game.

bap-file-extension
bap-file-description Blaze RipEditBurn audio wave information data
bap-file-description A bap file extension is related to the Blaze RipEditBurn. A bap file stores audio wave information.

baroc-file-extension
baroc-file-description IBM Tivoli console adapter description
baroc-file-description A baroc file extension is related to the IBM Tivoli console adapter description file format.

barrax-file-extension
barrax-file-description BarRax (HiddenTear variant) ransomware affected file
barrax-file-description Files with BarRax suffix are in most cases files that were encrypted and renamed by some variant of the HiddenTear ransomware.

bas-file-extension
bas-file-description Basic source code
bas-file-description A bas file extension is related to the BASIC (Beginners All-purpose Symbolic Instructional Code) programming language and used for its source code files.

base64-file-extension
base64-file-description Base64 file format
base64-file-description A base64 file extension is related to the Base64 file format.

basebinary-file-extension
basebinary-file-description Apple Mac OS X AirPort base station binary file
basebinary-file-description Files with basebinary extension are used by Apple Mac OS X AirPort utility.

baseconfig-file-extension
baseconfig-file-description AirPort Utility settings
baseconfig-file-description A baseconfig file extension is related to the OS X and macOS operating systems. A baseconfig file contains settings for AirPort Utility.

baseproj-file-extension
baseproj-file-description DNA Baser Sequence Aligner project
baseproj-file-description A baseproj file extension is related to the DNA Baser Sequence Aligner software. A baseproj file stores project.

basex-file-extension
basex-file-description BaseX data
basex-file-description A basex file extension is related to the BaseX, a scalable XML database engine. A basex file stores data.

bash-file-extension
bash-file-description Unix Shell Script (bash)
bash-file-description A bash file extension is related to Bash, a Unix command processor. A bash file contains script.

bashrc-file-extension
bashrc-file-description Bash Shell startup script configuration data
bashrc-file-description A bashrc file extension is related to the Bash Unix shell and used for its startup script configuration files.

bash_history-file-extension
bash_history-file-description Bash history data
bash_history-file-description Files with bash_history file extension are related to Bash shell program for Unix.

bash_login-file-extension
bash_login-file-description Unix Shell Script (bash) data
bash_login-file-description A bash_login file extension is related tot he Unix Shell Script (Bash).

bash_logout-file-extension
bash_logout-file-description Unix Shell Script (bash) data
bash_logout-file-description A bash_logout file extension is related to the Bash Unix Shell Script.

bash_profile-file-extension
bash_profile-file-description Bash interactive login shell
bash_profile-file-description A bash_profile file extension is related to the Unix Bash and used for its login shell files.

basin-file-extension
basin-file-description HEC-HMS basin model settings file
basin-file-description Files with basin extension are used for HEC-HMS software. They include model settings.

batch-file-extension
batch-file-description Switchball game data
batch-file-description A batch file extension is related to the Switchball video game and used for its game data files.

battle-file-extension
battle-file-description Robocode game data
battle-file-description A battle file extension is associated with the Robocode computer game for Java and .NET.

bat_6d6f4bc5-file-extension
bat_6d6f4bc5-file-description Unknown file extension
bat_6d6f4bc5-file-description Files with bat_6d6f4bc5 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

bat_aq-file-extension
bat_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
bat_aq-file-description Files with bat_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

bau-file-extension
bau-file-description Apache OpenOffice configuration data
bau-file-description A bau file extension is related to the Apache OpenOffice office suite. A bau file stores autotext configuration.

bav-file-extension
bav-file-description AVG Bat! plugin
bav-file-description A bav file extension is related to the AVG antivirus software. A bav file stores plugin for AVG.

baw-file-extension
baw-file-description BrainLED AlfaWave session data
baw-file-description A .baw file extension is related to the BrainLED AlfaWave and used for its session files.

bax-file-extension
bax-file-description Bluebeam Revu markup document
bax-file-description A bax file extension is related to the Bluebeam Revu markup document.

bay-file-extension
bay-file-description Kodak/Roper Bayer picture sequence
bay-file-description A bay file extension is associated with the Kodak/Roper Bayer picture sequence format.

baz-file-extension
baz-file-description Acomba Accounting Suite backup
baz-file-description Files with baz file extension can be typically encountered as backup files made in Acomba Accounting Suite tax preparation software.

ba_-file-extension
ba_-file-description Renamed BAT script
ba_-file-description Files with ba_ file extension can be commonly found as so called batch files. These text files are small scripts that contain a sequence of commands for a computer operating system.

bb-file-extension
bb-file-description Blitz Basic source code
bb-file-description A bb file extension is related to Blitz Basic and used for its source code files.

bb-package-info-file-extension
bb-package-info-file-description Blackboard data
bb-package-info-file-description A bb-package-info file extension is associated with the Blackboard an e-learning program.

bb0-file-extension
bb0-file-description BBC Micro picture image
bb0-file-description Files with bb0 file extension are related to the BBC Micro picture image format (known as MODE 0).

bb1-file-extension
bb1-file-description BBC Micro picture image
bb1-file-description A bb1 file extension is associated with the BBC Micro picture image file format.

bb2-file-extension
bb2-file-description XBBS-OS/2, XGROUP, AV, ZTree archiver control data
bb2-file-description A bb2 extension is related to some applications for OS/2 operating system, developed by IBM.

bb3-file-extension
bb3-file-description BlasterBall 3 level data
bb3-file-description A bb3 file extension is related to the BlasterBall 3 action game. A bb3 file stores various game data.

bb4-file-extension
bb4-file-description BBC Micro picture image
bb4-file-description Files with bb4 file extension are related to the BBC Micro picture image file format.

bb5-file-extension
bb5-file-description BBC Micro picture image
bb5-file-description A bb5 file extension is related to the BBC Micro picture image file format.

bba-file-extension
bba-file-description BlueByte archive
bba-file-description A bba file extension is related to computer games developed by BlueByte, like The Settlers. A bba file stores archive with game data.

bbc-file-extension
bbc-file-description BBC BASIC for Windows data
bbc-file-description A bbc file extension is related to the BBC BASIC for Windows and used for its data files.

bbcd-file-extension
bbcd-file-description BobCAD-CAM drawing
bbcd-file-description A bbcd file extension is related to the BobCAD-CAM, a 3D CAD software. A bbcd file stores drawing data.

bbd-file-extension
bbd-file-description Xilinx Black Box definition
bbd-file-description A bbd file extension is related to applications developed by Xilinx Black Box definition files.

bbe-file-extension
bbe-file-description MindGenius Brainbloom data
bbe-file-description A bbe file extension is associated with MindGenius software. A bbe file is saved in XML file format and contains data.

bbf-file-extension
bbf-file-description ScriptBasic binary data
bbf-file-description A bbf file extension is related to the ScriptBasic and used for its binary data.

bbfw-file-extension
bbfw-file-description iTunes firmware update
bbfw-file-description Files with bbfw file extension are usually found as firmware updates for Apple iTunes software. Used when the program is patched to a higher version.

bbg-file-extension
bbg-file-description CyberSports for Basketball game data
bbg-file-description A bbg file extension is related to the CyberSports for Basketball video game. A bbg file contains game data.

bbi-file-extension
bbi-file-description LinkOne data file
bbi-file-description Files with bbi extension are used by LinkOne program. They contain some data for internal purposes.

bbj-file-extension
bbj-file-description BuilderUI batch job
bbj-file-description A bbj file extension is related to the BuilderUI and used for its batch job files. Probably obsolete.

bbk-file-extension
bbk-file-description TreePad backup file
bbk-file-description Files with bbk suffix can be usually found as backups of .blb files from TreePad personal information manager for Windows.

bbl-file-extension
bbl-file-description TeX/BibTeX bibliographic reference file
bbl-file-description Files with bbl extension can be found as bibliographical references for publications prepared in TeX/BibTeX format.

bblm-file-extension
bblm-file-description Mario Kart mod effect
bblm-file-description A bblm file extension is related to the Mario Kart game series of video games. A bblm file stores some kind of mod for Mario Kart.

bblx-file-extension
bblx-file-description e-Sword bible data file
bblx-file-description Files with bblx extension can be found as bible files from e-Sword Christian Bible study software.

bbm-file-extension
bbm-file-description Deluxe Paint bitmap image
bbm-file-description A bbm file extension is related to the Deluxe Paint bitmap image file format.

bbma-file-extension
bbma-file-description BonziBuddy data
bbma-file-description Files with bbma file extension can be found as part of old BonziBuddy software agent. Obsolete file type.

bbnbg-file-extension
bbnbg-file-description BBN BitGraph terminal Display Pixel Data sequence
bbnbg-file-description Files with bbnbg file extension can be found as BBN BitGraph terminal Display Pixel Data (DPD) sequence files.

bbox-file-extension
bbox-file-description Classic support data
bbox-file-description Files with bbox file extension might be found as very old "classic support files".

bbproject-file-extension
bbproject-file-description BBEdit project file
bbproject-file-description The bbproject file extension is related to the BBEdit and used for its project files.

bbprojectd-file-extension
bbprojectd-file-description BBEdit project
bbprojectd-file-description A bbprojectd file extension is related to the BBEdit and used for its project document files.

bbq-file-extension
bbq-file-description BitBeamer transfer queue data
bbq-file-description A bbq file extension is related to the BitBeamer data transferring tool for Windows and used for its transfer queue files.

bbr-file-extension
bbr-file-description BlackBerry 10 Native SDK manifest data
bbr-file-description A bbr file extension is related to the BlackBerry 10 Native SDK manifest data files.

bbrkpuzzle-file-extension
bbrkpuzzle-file-description Puzzle data
bbrkpuzzle-file-description A bbrkpuzzle file extension is related to the BrainsBreaker puzzle software. A bbrkpuzzle file stores puzzle.

bbrksave-file-extension
bbrksave-file-description Puzzle started status data
bbrksave-file-description A bbrksave file extension is related to the puzzle started status data format.

bbs-file-extension
bbs-file-description Bulletin Board System text document
bbs-file-description A bbs file extension is related to the Bulletin Board System and used for its text files.

bbsong-file-extension
bbsong-file-description Beepola data
bbsong-file-description Files with bbsong file extension are commonly used by Beepola application for Windows.

bbt-file-extension
bbt-file-description BTwin local database
bbt-file-description Files with bbt file extension are mainly related to BTwin engineering software from Arqui.

bbtheme-file-extension
bbtheme-file-description BB theme
bbtheme-file-description Files with bbtheme file extension can be found as themes, customizable skins for the BB bulletin boards.

bbtl-file-extension
bbtl-file-description BBEdit Tool palette file
bbtl-file-description Detailed description

bbv-file-extension
bbv-file-description PPLive data
bbv-file-description A bbv file extension is associated with the PPLive and used for its data files.

bbw-file-extension
bbw-file-description Band-in-a-Box interface data
bbw-file-description Files with bbw file suffix are associated with the Band-in-a-Box, a music composing software. A bbw file contains interface data.

bbx-file-extension
bbx-file-description BrainBox neural network data
bbx-file-description A bbx file extension is related to the BrainBox neural network format.

bbxt-file-extension
bbxt-file-description BBEdit file
bbxt-file-description Detailed description

bbz-file-extension
bbz-file-description Bitblaze audio
bbz-file-description A bbz file extension is related to applications developed by Bitblaze.

bc3-file-extension
bc3-file-description Fiebdc format
bc3-file-description A bc3 file extension is related to the Fiebdc file format used to exchange construction databases.

bc4-file-extension
bc4-file-description CoStar bar code
bc4-file-description A bc4 file extension is related to the CoStar software and used for its bar code files.

bc5-file-extension
bc5-file-description Impression document
bc5-file-description A bc5 file extension is related to the Impression and used for its documents.

bc6-file-extension
bc6-file-description Cashflow Manager 2006 backup
bc6-file-description A bc6 file extension is related to the Cashflow Manager 2006. A bc6 file stores data backup.

bc7-file-extension
bc7-file-description Cashflow Manager 2007 backup
bc7-file-description A bc7 file extension is related to the Cashflow Manager 2007 and used for its backup files.

bc8-file-extension
bc8-file-description Cashflow Manager backup
bc8-file-description A bc8 file extension is related to the Cashflow Manager software for Microsoft. A bc8 file stores backup.

bc9-file-extension
bc9-file-description Cashflow Manager backup
bc9-file-description A bc9 file extension is related to the Cashflow Manager, a financial program. A bc9 file contains backup from Cashflow Manager.

bca-file-extension
bca-file-description Allplan backup catalog
bca-file-description Files with bca file extension can be found as backup catalogs from Allplan Architecture software.

bcard-file-extension
bcard-file-description Business Card Composer project
bcard-file-description A bcard file extension is associated with the Business Card Composer and used for its project files.

bcb-file-extension
bcb-file-description Borland C++ Builder file
bcb-file-description Files with bcb suffix may be typically encountered as some kind of data or script files from Borland C++ Builder development environment.

bcc-file-extension
bcc-file-description Borland C++ file/makefile
bcc-file-description Files with bcc file extension can be mainly found as make files made in Borland C++.

bcd-file-extension
bcd-file-description Turbo Pascal data
bcd-file-description Files with bcd file extension can also be found as data files for Borland Turbo Pascal projects.

bcf-file-extension
bcf-file-description Business Card Designer Pro business card design
bcf-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe BCF file extension!

bcg-file-extension
bcg-file-description Binary Coded Graph data
bcg-file-description A bcg file extension is related to the Binary Coded Graph data format.

bch-file-extension
bch-file-description dBASE batch process object
bch-file-description A bch file extension is related to the dBASE batch process object file format.

bci-file-extension
bci-file-description Belarc Advisor computer profile report
bci-file-description A bci file extension is related to the Belarc Advisor software. A bci file stores computer profile report.

bck-file-extension
bck-file-description BackupExpress Pro data
bck-file-description A bck file extension is related to the BackupExpress Pro and used for its backup files.

bckp-file-extension
bckp-file-description Ad-Aware quarantined data
bckp-file-description A bckp file extension is related to the Ad-Aware anti-spyware software. A bckp file stores quarantined data.

bckup-file-extension
bckup-file-description Apple Time Machine backup
bckup-file-description A bckup file extension is related to the Apple Time Machine backup solution. A bckup file stores some kind of data related to backup.

bcl-file-extension
bcl-file-description Illumina CASAVA base call data
bcl-file-description A bcl file extension is related to the CASAVA software for Linux. A bcl file stores base call data.

bcm-file-extension
bcm-file-description Business Contact Manager data
bcm-file-description Files with bcm extension can mainly be found as personal data saved using the Business Contact Manager program. Contains contacts, numbers, schedules etc.

bcmr-file-extension
bcmr-file-description BC Framer data
bcmr-file-description A bcmr file extension is related to the BC Framer 3D drafting program.

bcmx-file-extension
bcmx-file-description Microsoft Outlook Business Contact Manager customization data
bcmx-file-description A bcmx file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook and used for its Business Contact Manager customization files.

bcn-file-extension
bcn-file-description Business card design
bcn-file-description Files with bcn file extension are in most cases designs for Business Card Pro program.

bco-file-extension
bco-file-description Bitstream outline font description file
bco-file-description Fiels with bco extension are probably associated with Bitstream company.

bcp-file-extension
bcp-file-description Borland C++ makefile
bcp-file-description A bcp file extension is related to the Borland C++ programming software. A bcp file contains makefile.

bcpkg-file-extension
bcpkg-file-description Beyond Compare settings package
bcpkg-file-description A bcpkg file extension is related to the Beyond Compare settings package file format.

bcr-file-extension
bcr-file-description map&guide station list
bcr-file-description A bcr file extension is related to the map&guide route planning application. A bcr file stores station list.

bcs-file-extension
bcs-file-description Microsoft Windows 95 browse information
bcs-file-description A bcs file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 95 operating system. A bcs file contains browser information.

bcss-file-extension
bcss-file-description Beyond Compare snapshot data
bcss-file-description A bcss file extension is related to the Beyond Compare and used for its snapshot data.

bct-file-extension
bct-file-description Adobe Bridge cache
bct-file-description A bct file extension is related to the Adobe Bridge program. A bct file contains cache.

bctpuri-file-extension
bctpuri-file-description Vuze data
bctpuri-file-description A bctpuri file extension is related to the Vuze, a BitTorrent network client for Java.

bcuri-file-extension
bcuri-file-description Vuze data
bcuri-file-description A bcuri file extension is related to the Vuze client for Java platform.

bcw-file-extension
bcw-file-description Borland C++ workspace data
bcw-file-description A bcw file extension is used for  workspace files created in the Borland C++ programming environment. Workspace files store settings for Borland C++ project workspace.

bcx-file-extension
bcx-file-description Beam Report standard definition file
bcx-file-description Files with bcx extension are used for Beam Report tool application. They include definition data.

bcz-file-extension
bcz-file-description Siemens PLM software ZIP BriefCase file
bcz-file-description Files with bcz suffix can be most often found as special exchange 'briefcase' files from Siemens PLM software.

bd-file-extension
bd-file-description Solaris Browser data
bd-file-description Files with bd file suffix are related to the Solaris Browser. A bd file contains some kind of browser data.

bd0-file-extension
bd0-file-description 221 B Baker St. game data
bd0-file-description A bd0 file extension is related to the 221 B Baker St. video game. A bd0 file stores game data.

bd1-file-extension
bd1-file-description X Operations map block location
bd1-file-description A bd1 file extension is related to the X Operations, a first person shooter video game. A bd1 file contains map block location.

bd2-file-extension
bd2-file-description Lacerte Tax tax file
bd2-file-description Files with bd2 extension are used by Lacerte Tax software.

bd3-file-extension
bd3-file-description Lacerte Tax data
bd3-file-description A bd3 file extension is related to the Lacerte Tax financial software.

bd4-file-extension
bd4-file-description West Point Bridge Designer 4 data
bd4-file-description A .bd4 file extension is related to West Point Bridge Designer version 4.

bda-file-extension
bda-file-description Spectral data
bda-file-description A bda file extension is related to the Spectral data file format used by Bragg Crystal Spectrometer.

bdae-file-extension
bdae-file-description Gameloft N.O.V.A 3D model format
bdae-file-description A bdae file extension is related to the Gameloft N.O.V.A 3D model format.

bdav-file-extension
bdav-file-description Mistaken M2TS video
bdav-file-description A bdav file extension is related to some apps that used it for M2TS MPEG-2 video data.

bdb-file-extension
bdb-file-description Microsoft Works database backup
bdb-file-description Files with bdb file extension can mainly be found as database backups. One of the most common is the one created by Microsoft Works.

bdb2-file-extension
bdb2-file-description Skillpipe course data file
bdb2-file-description Files with bdb2 file extension can be most often found as skillpipe courses for Skillpipe reader.

bdc-file-extension
bdc-file-description Lingvo dictionary
bdc-file-description Files with bdc file extension can be in most cases found as dictionary files from Lingvo dictionary software.

bdcff-file-extension
bdcff-file-description Boulder Dash Construction Kit data
bdcff-file-description A bdcff file extension is related to the Boulder Dash Construction Kit software.

bdcm-file-extension
bdcm-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio BDC model file
bdcm-file-description Files with bdcm extension are used for Microsoft Visual Studio.

bdcr-file-extension
bdcr-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio BDC resource data
bdcr-file-description A bdcr file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio BDC resource files.

bdct-file-extension
bdct-file-description BBEdit dictionary file
bdct-file-description Detailed description

bdd-file-extension
bdd-file-description BRender device driver
bdd-file-description Files with bdd file extension are associated with Carmageddon computer game. It is a game file.

bde-file-extension
bde-file-description Pro/ENGINEER temporary
bde-file-description Files with bde file extension are mostly found as temporary files generated by older versions of Pro/ENGINEER software.

bdf-file-extension
bdf-file-description Bdiff Bupdate binary update
bdf-file-description There are 13 other file types  usingthe BDF file extension!

bdg-file-extension
bdg-file-description BudgetExpress data
bdg-file-description Files with bdg file extension are in most cases found as data files from BudgetExpress personal finance software.

bdh-file-extension
bdh-file-description Silk Performer include data
bdh-file-description Files with bdh file extension can be found as includes for Silk Performer utility.

bdi-file-extension
bdi-file-description Pro/ENGINEER temporary data
bdi-file-description A bdi file extension is associated with the Pro/Engineer (now Creo Elements/Pro) and used for its temporary files.

bdic-file-extension
bdic-file-description Google Chrome dictionary
bdic-file-description A bdic file extension is related to the Google Chrome and used for its dictionary files.

bdjo-file-extension
bdjo-file-description Java BD-J object descriptor
bdjo-file-description Files with bdjo extension are related to some sort of Java file.

bdk-file-extension
bdk-file-description OS/2 floppy disk image
bdk-file-description A bdk file extension is related to the OS/2 operating system and used for its floppy disk images.

bdl-file-extension
bdl-file-description CoCreate Designer design bundle
bdl-file-description Files with bdl file extension can be mostly found as model bundle data from CoCreate Designer (Creo Elements/Direct).

bdm-file-extension
bdm-file-description Pro/ENGINEER temporary data
bdm-file-description A bdm file extension is related to the Pro/ENGINEER, a CAD/CAM software and used for its temporary files.

bdmv-file-extension
bdmv-file-description Blu-ray information
bdmv-file-description Files with bdmv file extension can be typically found on Blu-Ray multimedia dics. These are special metadata files that describe the contents and provide other information for Blu-Ray player.

bdn-file-extension
bdn-file-description Blu-ray BDN XML subtitle data
bdn-file-description Files with bdn file suffix are associated with the Blu-ray BDN XML subtitle format.

bdoc-file-extension
bdoc-file-description DigiDoc Client document
bdoc-file-description Files with bdoc extension are digitally protected document containers that are used when dealing with Estonian or Finish government authorities.

bdof-file-extension
bdof-file-description Mario Kart mod effect file
bdof-file-description Detailed description

bdp-file-extension
bdp-file-description Microsoft Exchange diagnostic message
bdp-file-description A bdp file extension is related to the Microsoft Exchange an email server application. A bdp file stores diagnostic message.

bdr-file-extension
bdr-file-description Microsoft Publisher border data
bdr-file-description A bdr file extension is related to the Microsoft Publisher and used for its border files.

bds-file-extension
bds-file-description Cadcorp SIS base dataset
bds-file-description Files with bds extension can be typically found as Cadcorp SIS base dataset files. Most likely program specific file type.

bdsdeploy-file-extension
bdsdeploy-file-description BDS deployment file
bdsdeploy-file-description Detailed description

bdsgroup-file-extension
bdsgroup-file-description Borland Developer Studio project group
bdsgroup-file-description Files with bdsgroup file extension might also be found as part of Borland Developer Studio software solution. A bdsgroup file stores project group.

bdsproj-file-extension
bdsproj-file-description Borland Developer Studio project
bdsproj-file-description A bdsproj file extension is related to the Delphi, an integrated development tool and used for its project files.

bdstemplatelib-file-extension
bdstemplatelib-file-description RAD Studio template library
bdstemplatelib-file-description A bdstemplatelib file extension is associated with the RAD Studio, a programming software. A bdstemplatelib file contains template library.

bdt-file-extension
bdt-file-description BDT script
bdt-file-description A bdt file extension is related to the Bdt-script a Taccel scripting language similar to Basic. A bdt file stores script.

bdt2-file-extension
bdt2-file-description BEEDOCS Timeline 3D timeline document
bdt2-file-description A bdt2 file extension is related to the Timeline 3D a tool for creating timeline documents.

bdt3-file-extension
bdt3-file-description BEEDOCS Timeline 3D timeline document file
bdt3-file-description The bdt3 file extension is related to the BEEDOCS Timeline 3D timeline file format.

bdtd-file-extension
bdtd-file-description Java Sun binary DTD data
bdtd-file-description A bdtd file extension is related to the proprietary binary format for the Java Sun DTD files.

bdtp-file-extension
bdtp-file-description BaiduPlayer media data
bdtp-file-description A bdtp file extension is related to the multimedia file format used by Baidu social network.

bdv-file-extension
bdv-file-description BitDefender data vault
bdv-file-description A bdv file extension is related to the BitDefender an antivirus software for Microsoft Windows. A bdv file stores vault for potential malicious software.

bdw-file-extension
bdw-file-description Budget data
bdw-file-description Files with bdw file extension are mainly related to the Budget a money management application.

bdx-file-extension
bdx-file-description BitDefender data
bdx-file-description Files with bdx file extension can be found as part of BitDefender anti-virus software.

bdy-file-extension
bdy-file-description DMAP boundary data
bdy-file-description Files with bdy file extension can be found as special boundary files from DMAP mapping software by Alan Morton.

bea-file-extension
bea-file-description Beamer song file
bea-file-description The bea file extension is associated with Beamer program. They included songs data and by this program you can export the files into text files.

beam-file-extension
beam-file-description Compiled Erlang Code file
beam-file-description The beam file extension is associated with Erlang programming language.

bean-file-extension
bean-file-description Bean document
bean-file-description A bean file extension is associated with the Bean word processor. A bean file stores text document.

beb-file-extension
beb-file-description EEC Analyzer data
beb-file-description A beb file extension is related to the EEC Analyzer automotive dataloggers analyzer.

bec-file-extension
bec-file-description Break Even Calculator data
bec-file-description A bec file extension is associated with the Break Even Calculator data format.

bed-file-extension
bed-file-description InfoSnorkel data
bed-file-description A bed file extension is related to the InfoSnorkel program for Microsoft Windows. A bed file contains data.

bee-file-extension
bee-file-description Bee Archiver compressed archive file
bee-file-description Files with bee extension are used for a Bee Archiver software. They include compressed archives data.

bef-file-extension
bef-file-description Boomi Integration Platform setup information data
bef-file-description A bef file extension is related to Boomi Visual Integration Technology. A bef file stores integration platform setup information data.

beh-file-extension
beh-file-description CRiSP calibration file
beh-file-description Files with beh extension are used by the CRiSP Harvest software. They include some calibrations data.

bejeweled2deluxesavedgame-file-extension
bejeweled2deluxesavedgame-file-description Bejeweled 2 deluxe save game file
bejeweled2deluxesavedgame-file-description Detailed description

bek-file-extension
bek-file-description Shanda Bambook e-book
bek-file-description A bek file extension is related to the Shanda Bambook e-book file format.

bel-file-extension
bel-file-description Belon compressed archive
bel-file-description A bel file extension is related to the Belon archive compression software. A bel file stores compressed archive.

ben-file-extension
ben-file-description SiSoftware Sandra file
ben-file-description Files with ben suffix can be found as part of SiSoftware Sandra system analysis software.

bep-file-extension
bep-file-description Beamer playlist file
bep-file-description Files with bep extension are used by Beamer software. These files contain text data about songs exported by the program.

bepf-file-extension
bepf-file-description Adobe Big Endian Prebuilt Format
bepf-file-description A bepf file extension is related to the Adobe Big Endian Prebuilt Format.

bes-file-extension
bes-file-description MOBY database
bes-file-description Files with bes file suffix are related to the MOBY software and used for its databases.

bet-file-extension
bet-file-description BETA source data
bet-file-description A bet file extension is related to the BETA programming language. A bet file contains source code written in BETA.

beta-file-extension
beta-file-description Beta programming language source code
beta-file-description Files with beta file extension are related to the Beta programming language source code files.

bevel-file-extension
bevel-file-description FontTwister bevel data
bevel-file-description Files with bevel file extension are used by FontTwister program. They include some 3D data.

bew-file-extension
bew-file-description PTV VISSIM cost data
bew-file-description A bew file extension is related to the PTV VISSIM and used for its cost data.

bex-file-extension
bex-file-description PGP binary extracted public key
bex-file-description A bex file extension is related to the PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) and used for its binary extracted public key.

bexpk-file-extension
bexpk-file-description PGP binary extracted public key file
bexpk-file-description Detailed description

bez-file-extension
bez-file-description Bitstream outline font description file
bez-file-description Files with bez extension are associated with Bitstream environment.

bf-file-extension
bf-file-description Beyond Good & Evil game archive
bf-file-description Files with bif extension can be found as game archives from Beyond Good & Evil computer game.

bf2-file-extension
bf2-file-description BIDFAX 2000 database
bf2-file-description A bf2 file extension is associated with the BIDFAX 2000 program. A bf2 file stores database.

bfa-file-extension
bfa-file-description BlowFish encrypted data
bfa-file-description A bfa file extension is related to the BlowFish software. A bfa file stores encrypted data.

bfb-file-extension
bfb-file-description Zoo Tycoon 2 game model
bfb-file-description The bfb file extension is related to the Zoo Tycoon 2 and used for its game model files.

bfc-file-extension
bfc-file-description Microsoft Windows 95 Briefcase data
bfc-file-description A bfc file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 95 operating system. A bfc file stores Briefcase data.

bfd-file-extension
bfd-file-description Linux BFD rules configuration data
bfd-file-description A bfd file extension is related to the Linux BFD rules configuration files.

bfe-file-extension
bfe-file-description bcrypt - BlowFish file encryption
bfe-file-description Files with bfe file extension are related to the bcrypt - BlowFish file encryption format.

bff-file-extension
bff-file-description Need for Speed SHIFT game pack
bff-file-description Files with bff file extension can be found as data files for Need for Speed SHIFT car racing simulation.

bffm-file-extension
bffm-file-description B-17 Flying Fortress: The Mighty 8th game data
bffm-file-description A bffm file extension is related to the B-17 Flying Fortress: The Mighty 8th video game. A bffm file stores game data.

bfg-file-extension
bfg-file-description CQuickTrans data
bfg-file-description A bfg file extension is related to the CQuickTrans, a Chinese dictionary, translation and e-study software.

bfhp-file-extension
bfhp-file-description Celtic Kings game data
bfhp-file-description A bfhp file extension is related to the Celtic Kings video game. A bfhp file contains game data.

bfi-file-extension
bfi-file-description Blaise index
bfi-file-description A bfi file extension is related to the Blaise, a CAI system for Windows. A .bfi file contains index.

bfl-file-extension
bfl-file-description yBook e-book
bfl-file-description Files with bfl file extension can be mainly found as e-books in yBook format.

bfli-file-extension
bfli-file-description BFLI image format
bfli-file-description A bfli file extension is associated with the BFLI image format developed for Commodore C64 computers.

bfm-file-extension
bfm-file-description Bloodrayne model
bfm-file-description A bfm file extension is related to 3D model files for computer game BloodRayne.

bfmv-file-extension
bfmv-file-description BfMeshView workspace file
bfmv-file-description The *.bfmv file extension is related to the BfMeshView a graphic files viewer. The *.bfmv file stores workspace.

bfn-file-extension
bfn-file-description Brother Embroidery software font
bfn-file-description A bfn file extension is related to the Brother Embroidery font format.

bfont-file-extension
bfont-file-description Need for Speed SHIFT font
bfont-file-description A bfont file extension is related to the Need For Speed Shift video game. A .bfont file stores font.

bfp-file-extension
bfp-file-description Benchmark Factory project
bfp-file-description A bfp file extension is associated with the Benchmark Factory, a database performance testing software. A bfp file stores benchmark project.

bfr-file-extension
bfr-file-description SmartWare backup report
bfr-file-description A bfr file extension is related to the SmartWare programming platform. A bfr file contains backup report.

bfs-file-extension
bfs-file-description IBM Tivoli Storage Manager data
bfs-file-description A bfs file extension is related to the IBM Tivoli Storage Manager, a data protection software. A bfs file contains data.

bfsar-file-extension
bfsar-file-description Mario Kart Wii effects data
bfsar-file-description A bfsar file extension is related to the Mario Kart Wii video game. A bfsar file contains effects data.

bft-file-extension
bft-file-description SmartWare backup transaction definition data
bft-file-description A bft file extension is related to the SmartWare backup transaction definition data format.

bfvger-file-extension
bfvger-file-description Battlefleet Gothic: Armada game version file
bfvger-file-description Files with bfvger extension can be found as version verification files from BattleFleet Gothic: Armada computer game.

bfw-file-extension
bfw-file-description SmartWare backup cross-tab data
bfw-file-description Files with bfw file extension are commonly used by SmartWare backup cross-tab data format.

bfx-file-extension
bfx-file-description Bitware BitFax document
bfx-file-description Files with bfx file extension can mostly be found as older fax documents saved in Cheyenne Bitware software.

bg-file-extension
bg-file-description Canon My Image Garden background preset
bg-file-description A bg file extension is related to the Canon My Image Garden, a photo editing tool. A bg file stores background preset.

bg00-file-extension
bg00-file-description XWE data
bg00-file-description A bg00 file extension is related to the XWE software for Windows.

bg9-file-extension
bg9-file-description Atari picture image
bg9-file-description A bg9 file extension is related to the Atari picture image file format used by 8-bit ATARI computers.

bga-file-extension
bga-file-description OS/2 graphic array
bga-file-description A bga file extension is associated with bitmap image format used by OS/2 operating system.

bgb-file-extension
bgb-file-description Beck Graphics Bitmap
bgb-file-description A bgb file extension is related to the Beck Graphics Bitmap, a bitmap file format used by Beck IPC’s graphics controllers.

bgcf-file-extension
bgcf-file-description Greeting card design
bgcf-file-description A bgcf file extension is associated with Greeting Card Designer program. A bgcf file contains card design.

bgd-file-extension
bgd-file-description ESRI binary raster definition
bgd-file-description A bgd file extension is related to the ESRI binary raster definition file format.

bgdb-file-extension
bgdb-file-description Global Virtual Academy data
bgdb-file-description A bgdb file extension is related to the Global Virtual Academy.

bgeo-file-extension
bgeo-file-description Houdini binary geometry format
bgeo-file-description Files with bgeo suffix can be usually found as binary geometry 3D files from the Houdini animation software.

bgf-file-extension
bgf-file-description MSI BGF chemical modeler input data
bgf-file-description Files with bgf file extension are commonly identified to be a special chemistry data files in MSI BGF chemical modeler format.

bgi-file-extension
bgi-file-description BGInfo configuration
bgi-file-description A bgi file extension is associated with the BGInfo tool used to generate desktop backgrounds. A bgi file stores configuration data.

bgl-file-extension
bgl-file-description Babylon glossary data
bgl-file-description Files with bgl extension are commonly used by Babylon translation software. These files contain glossary data.

bgm-file-extension
bgm-file-description Basic4GL 3D object
bgm-file-description Files with bgm file extension can be found as 3D objects from Basic4GL compiler for Windows.

bgo-file-extension
bgo-file-description BigOven recipe card
bgo-file-description A bgo file extension is associated with the BigOven and used for its recipe card files.

bgp-file-extension
bgp-file-description Audio data
bgp-file-description Files with bgp file extension might be found as audio files from some PSP games.

bgr-file-extension
bgr-file-description Girder binary plugin
bgr-file-description Files with bgr extension are in most cases binary plugin files used by Girder scripting tool.

bgt-file-extension
bgt-file-description Quicken 2002 internet common data
bgt-file-description A bgt file extension is related to the Quicken, a personal finance manager. A bgt file stores internet common data.

bgui-file-extension
bgui-file-description Need for Speed SHIFT GUI data
bgui-file-description A bgui file extension is related to the Need for Speed SHIFT, a car racing video game. A bgui file contains GUI data.

bgv-file-extension
bgv-file-description BonanzaGraf financial presentation
bgv-file-description A bgv file extension is related to the BonanzaGraf financial presentation format.

bgw-file-extension
bgw-file-description Final Fantasy VIII music
bgw-file-description A bgw file extension is related to the Final Fantasy VIII video game. A bgw file stores music data.

bgz-file-extension
bgz-file-description Blood Frontier map
bgz-file-description A bgz file extension is associated with the Blood Frontier a first person shooter computer game. A bgz file stores map.

bh-file-extension
bh-file-description ZipTV BlakHole Archive file format
bh-file-description A bh file extension is related to ZipTV BlakHole Archive file format. A bh file contains archive with compressed data.

bh2pcm-file-extension
bh2pcm-file-description XWE data
bh2pcm-file-description The bh2pcm file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

bh3-file-extension
bh3-file-description Rise of Nations unit graphic
bh3-file-description A bh3 file extension is associated with Rise of Nations video game and used for its graphic files.

bha-file-extension
bha-file-description Rise of Nations unit graphic
bha-file-description A bha file extension is associated with the Rise of Nations, video game. A bha file contains unit graphics.

bhf-file-extension
bhf-file-description pcAnywhere host data
bhf-file-description A bhf file extension is related to the pcAnywhere, a Host and Remote software. A bhf file stores some kind of data used by pcAnywhere.

bho-file-extension
bho-file-description Behold settings
bho-file-description A bho file extension is related to the Behold a genealogy software. A bho file stores settings.

bhp-file-extension
bhp-file-description BHP Survey Tool data file
bhp-file-description Files with bhp extension are used for BHB Survey Tool program. They include many data used by this application.

bhs-file-extension
bhs-file-description Rise of Nations script
bhs-file-description A bhs file extension is related to the Rise of Nations and used for its scripts.

bhw-file-extension
bhw-file-description Blophome published project
bhw-file-description Files with bhw extension can be found as published interior design projects from Blophome platform.

bhx-file-extension
bhx-file-description BinHex compressed file ASCII archive
bhx-file-description A bhx file extension is related to the BinHex compressed ASCII archive format.

bi-file-extension
bi-file-description Progress database before image
bi-file-description Files with bi file extension are mainly related to Progress 4GL programming language.

bi%24-file-extension
bi%24-file-description Microsoft compressed file
bi%24-file-description The BI$ file extension is related to the compression file format developed by Microsoft.

bi%3F-file-extension
bi%3F-file-description LoseThos binary executable
bi%3F-file-description A bi? file extension is related to the LoseThos and used for its binary executable files.

bib-file-extension
bib-file-description Papyrus database
bib-file-description Files with bib file extension can be often found as database files from Papyrus Bibliography System.

bibtex-file-extension
bibtex-file-description BibTeX document
bibtex-file-description Files with bibtext extension can be most typically found as bibliographic databases from BibTeX reference management software.

bic-file-extension
bic-file-description Civilization III game scenario file
bic-file-description Files with bic suffix can be found as scenario files from Civilization III computer game.

bid-file-extension
bid-file-description BidMaker data
bid-file-description A bid file extension is related to the BidMaker rental billing software.

bidaudit-file-extension
bidaudit-file-description Prelim audit data
bidaudit-file-description Files with bidaudit file extension are saved audits from Prelim auditing software platform.

bidlist-file-extension
bidlist-file-description Bulk Image Downloader data
bidlist-file-description A bidlist file extension is related to the Bulk Image Downloader software from Antibody.

bidqueue-file-extension
bidqueue-file-description Bulk Image Downloader queue
bidqueue-file-description A bidqueue file extension is related to the Bulk Image Downloader. A bidqueue files contain queue.

bidule-file-extension
bidule-file-description Plogue Bidule sound layout
bidule-file-description A bidule file extension is related to the Plogue Bidule, a music modulation software. A bidule file stores sound layout data.

bie-file-extension
bie-file-description JBIG image
bie-file-description Files with bie file extension can be found as images in JBIG image format.

bif-file-extension
bif-file-description TomTom Navigator general info
bif-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe BIF file extension!

biff-file-extension
biff-file-description BioWare Infinity engine archive of resources
biff-file-description Files with biff extension are associated with BioWare Infinity engine. The biff extension file is a game file format.

bifx-file-extension
bifx-file-description Get Backup project
bifx-file-description A bifx file extension is related to the Get Backup a backup software and used for its project files.

big5-file-extension
big5-file-description Chinese text
big5-file-description Files with big5 extension are used by the Chinese BIG5 format. They include encoded text data.

bigkahunareef2savedgame-file-extension
bigkahunareef2savedgame-file-description Big Kahuna Reef saved game
bigkahunareef2savedgame-file-description The bigkahunareef2savedgame file extension is related to the Big Kahuna Reef computer game.

bii-file-extension
bii-file-description Basilisk II data
bii-file-description A bii file extension is related to the Basilisk II an emulator of classic Macintosh for various platforms.

bikey-file-extension
bikey-file-description Bohemia Interactive key
bikey-file-description Files with bikey extension are license keys used in games produced by Bohemia Interactive game studio, such as ARMA.

bil-file-extension
bil-file-description ArcView band interleaved by line image format
bil-file-description Files with bil file extension can be found as GIS images typically used in ESRI ArcView GIS (geographic information system) software.

bilw-file-extension
bilw-file-description ArcGIS BIL world file
bilw-file-description The bilw file extension is related to the ArcGIS BIL world file format.

bim-file-extension
bim-file-description Cadsoft Envisioneer self-contained catalog item
bim-file-description Files with bim suffix can be most often found as special self-contained catalog items from Cadsoft Envisioneer.

bimage-file-extension
bimage-file-description id Tech texture data
bimage-file-description Files with bimage file extension are commonly used by id Tech 5 and id Tech 6 video gaming engines for textures.

bimd-file-extension
bimd-file-description Blue Ink meta-data export file
bimd-file-description The bimd file extension is related to the Blue Ink meta-data export file format used by Blue Ink a rapid development tool.

bimx-file-extension
bimx-file-description ArchiCAD BIMx 3D scene
bimx-file-description Files with bimx extension can be mostly found 3D scene files from ArchiCAD modeling tool.

bin2-file-extension
bin2-file-description Huawei HG556a software update
bin2-file-description A bin2 file extension is related to the Huawei HG556a software update files.

bin3-file-extension
bin3-file-description LabVIEW data
bin3-file-description A bin3 file extension is related to the programming platform called LabVIEW.

bina-file-extension
bina-file-description Microsoft Word 5 for Mac document
bina-file-description A bina file extension is associated with the Microsoft Word 5 for Mac and used for its document files.

binarycookies-file-extension
binarycookies-file-description Safari browser cookies package
binarycookies-file-description Files with binarycookies extension can be usually found as cookies packages from Safari web browser.

binui-file-extension
binui-file-description Call of Juarez game menu file
binui-file-description Detailed description

bin_-file-extension
bin_-file-description emu8086 assembly source code
bin_-file-description Files with bin_ file extension are related to the emu8086 assembly source code.

bio-file-extension
bio-file-description OS/2 BIOS file
bio-file-description A bio file extension is associated with the OS/2 operating system for IBM-PC computers.

bioexcess-file-extension
bioexcess-file-description MyWinLocker protected data
bioexcess-file-description Files with bioexcess file extension can be usually encountered as encrypted files protected by MyWinLocker data protection tool.

bionix-file-extension
bionix-file-description Bionix Wallpaper list
bionix-file-description A bionix file extension is related to the Bionix Wallpaper, a wallpaper editing tool. A bionix file stores list.

biot-file-extension
biot-file-description BiotSavart magnetic design file
biot-file-description Detailed description

bip-file-extension
bip-file-description ArcView band interleaved by pixel image
bip-file-description A bip file extension is related to the ArcView and used for its band interleaved by pixel image file format.

biq-file-extension
biq-file-description Civilization 3 scenario
biq-file-description A biq file extension is related to the Civilization 3, a strategic video game. A biq file stores scenario.

bis-file-extension
bis-file-description BeInSync data
bis-file-description Files with bis file extension are generally related to old and no longer developed utility called BelSync.

bit-file-extension
bit-file-description X11 bitmap picture
bit-file-description Files with bit suffix can be mainly found on X11 operating system. Bitmap images that contains graphics used on X11 platform.

bitcfg-file-extension
bitcfg-file-description Passmark configuration data
bitcfg-file-description A bitcfg file extension is related to the BurnIn Test software and used for its configuration data.

bitmap-file-extension
bitmap-file-description X Window System bitmap image
bitmap-file-description A bitmap file extension is related to X Window System that uses it for bitmap picture images.

bitpim-file-extension
bitpim-file-description BitPim configuration
bitpim-file-description A bitpim file extension is related to the BitPim application and used fo its configuration data.

bitstak-file-extension
bitstak-file-description Bitstak ransomware affected data
bitstak-file-description Files with bitstak file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by the Bitstak ransomware.

bix-file-extension
bix-file-description Civilization III scenario data
bix-file-description A bix file extension is related to Civilization 3 video game and it contains scenario data.

biz-file-extension
biz-file-description BizTalk compatible schema file
biz-file-description Files with biz suffix can be most often found as special compatible schemas for BizTalk Server developed by Microsoft.

bizdocument-file-extension
bizdocument-file-description Actuate BusinessReport Studio document
bizdocument-file-description Files with bizdocument file extension can be found as documents created using Actuate BusinessReport Studio.

bi_-file-extension
bi_-file-description Unknown file extension
bi_-file-description Files with bi_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

bjd-file-extension
bjd-file-description NDDigital print bureau data
bjd-file-description Files with bjd file extension could be in the past found in relation with NDDigital print bureau. Obsolete format.

bjf-file-extension
bjf-file-description NTI Backup Now data
bjf-file-description A bjf file extension is associated with the NTI Backup Now and used for its data files.

bjg-file-extension
bjg-file-description DESQview data
bjg-file-description A bjg file extension is associated with the DESQview, an old multitasking software for MS-DOS. A bjg file contains data.

bjk-file-extension
bjk-file-description Blaise data
bjk-file-description Files with bjk file extension are used by the Blaise software. They contain various data used for internal purposes of the Blaise program.

bjl-file-extension
bjl-file-description BJL Business Systems active translation document
bjl-file-description A bjl file extension is associated with the BJL Business Systems active translation document format.

bjo-file-extension
bjo-file-description Instrument tablature
bjo-file-description A bjo file extension is related to the TablEdit software and used for its tablature data.

bjt-file-extension
bjt-file-description LTspice bipolar design data
bjt-file-description A bjt file extension is related to the LTspice and used for its bipolar design files.

bk-file-extension
bk-file-description Power Chess opening book
bk-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe BK file extension!

bk%21-file-extension
bk%21-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup
bk%21-file-description Files with bk! extension can be found as document backups from Corel WordPerfect program.

bk0-file-extension
bk0-file-description Aspen HYSYS backup file
bk0-file-description A bk0 file extension is related to the Aspen HYSYS, a process modeling software. A bk0 file contains backup.

bk1-file-extension
bk1-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup
bk1-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe BK1 file extension!

bk2-file-extension
bk2-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup
bk2-file-description A bk2 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect a word processor for Windows and used for its document backup files.

bk3-file-extension
bk3-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup file
bk3-file-description Files with bk3 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect utility. They include some backups data for documents.

bk4-file-extension
bk4-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup file
bk4-file-description Files with bk4 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect utility. They include some backups data for documents.

bk5-file-extension
bk5-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup file
bk5-file-description Files with bk5 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect utility. They include some backups data for documents.

bk6-file-extension
bk6-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup file
bk6-file-description Files with bk6 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect utility. They include some backups data for documents.

bk7-file-extension
bk7-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup file
bk7-file-description Files with bk7 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect utility. They include some backups data for documents.

bk8-file-extension
bk8-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup file
bk8-file-description Files with bk8 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect utility. They include some backups data for documents.

bk9-file-extension
bk9-file-description Corel WordPerfect document backup file
bk9-file-description Files with bk9 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect utility. They include some backups data for documents.

bkb-file-extension
bkb-file-description VariCAD drawing file
bkb-file-description A bkb file extension is related to the VariCAD, a CAD modeling tool used to create mechanical designs.A bkb file stores CAD drawing.

bkc-file-extension
bkc-file-description Backup4all catalog
bkc-file-description A bkc file extension is related to the Backup4all, a backup solution for Microsoft Windows. A bkc file stores backup catalog.

bkd-file-extension
bkd-file-description Book Library Local Dos exploit data
bkd-file-description A bkd file extension is related to the Book Library Local Dos malicious software.

bke-file-extension
bke-file-description BackupEarth.com data compression file
bke-file-description Files with bke extension are used by the BackupEarth.com program.

bkg-file-extension
bkg-file-description Samsung document
bkg-file-description A bkg file extension is related to the Samsung document file format.

bkh-file-extension
bkh-file-description Unknown file extension
bkh-file-description Files with bkh file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

bki-file-extension
bki-file-description IBM BookManager backup index
bki-file-description A bki file extension is related to the IBM BookManager backup index format.

bkk-file-extension
bkk-file-description BookBuddi e-book
bkk-file-description A bkk file extension is related to the BookBuddi and used for its e-book files.

bkmk-file-extension
bkmk-file-description Microsoft IE bookmark
bkmk-file-description A bkmk file extension is related to the Internet Explorer and used for its bookmark files.

bko-file-extension
bko-file-description Wisco Backup Outlook backup
bko-file-description Files with bko suffix are in most cases backups created using the Backup Outlook utility by Wisco.

bkpi-file-extension
bkpi-file-description Synology Hyper Backup image
bkpi-file-description A bkpi file extension is related to the Synology Hyper Backup image format used to store backup of data on NAS.

bkr-file-extension
bkr-file-description ReplaceEm file set
bkr-file-description A bkr file extension is related to the ReplaceEm (Replace Text) tool and used for its file set data.

bks-file-extension
bks-file-description Microsoft Works spreadsheet document backup
bks-file-description A bks file extension is related to Microsoft Works and used for its spreadsheet document backups.

bkt-file-extension
bkt-file-description Zortech 3 tools sample file
bkt-file-description A bkt file extension is related ot the Zortech 3 tools sample file format.

bku-file-extension
bku-file-description Timeslips backup
bku-file-description A bku file extension is related to the Timeslips program from Sage Group plc. A bku file stores backup.

bkup-file-extension
bkup-file-description Wherigo cartridge backup
bkup-file-description Files with bkup file extension are mainly related to Wherigo GPS platform and used for its default cartridges.

bkw-file-extension
bkw-file-description FontEdit image
bkw-file-description A bkw file extension is related to the FontEdit and used for its image files.

bky-file-extension
bky-file-description bookkey bookmark/keyword data
bky-file-description Files with bky file extension are kindred with bookkey. They include bookkey bookmark and keyword data file.

bkz-file-extension
bkz-file-description FileFort backup
bkz-file-description A bkz file extension is related to the FileFort software for Windows and Mac. A bkz file contains backup.

bl-file-extension
bl-file-description Binary linework TIFF bitmap
bl-file-description Files with bl file suffix are related to the Binary linework TIFF bitmap format. Seems to be obsolete.

bl1-file-extension
bl1-file-description DEGAS Elite block
bl1-file-description A bl1 file extension is associated with the DEGAS Elite, a bitmap editing software for ATARI ST computers.

bl2-file-extension
bl2-file-description DEGAS Elite block
bl2-file-description Files with bl2 file extension are commonly used by DEGAS Elite, a bitmap editing program for ATARI ST computers.

bl3-file-extension
bl3-file-description DEGAS Elite block
bl3-file-description Files with bl3 file extension are commonly used by DEGAS Elite, an application for ATARI ST computers.

bla-file-extension
bla-file-description Adobe black colour separation data
bla-file-description A bla file extension is related to the Adobe black colour separation data format.

blackhawkstriker2savedgame-file-extension
blackhawkstriker2savedgame-file-description Blackhawk Striker 2 saved game
blackhawkstriker2savedgame-file-description A blackhawkstriker2savedgame file extension is related to the Blackhawk Striker 2 computer game. A blackhawkstriker2savedgame file stores saved game position.

blasterball2drm3savedgame-file-extension
blasterball2drm3savedgame-file-description Blasterball 2 save game
blasterball2drm3savedgame-file-description Files with blasterball2drm3savedgame extension can be found as saved game files from BlasterBall 2: Revolution game.

blasterball2holidayssavedgame-file-extension
blasterball2holidayssavedgame-file-description Blaster Ball 2 Holidays saved game
blasterball2holidayssavedgame-file-description The blasterball2holidayssavedgame file extension is related to the Blaster Ball 2 Holidays computer game.

blasterball3savedgame-file-extension
blasterball3savedgame-file-description Blasterball 3 save game file
blasterball3savedgame-file-description Files with BLASTERBALL3SAVEDGAME extension can be found as saved game positions from BlasterBall 3 video game.

blb-file-extension
blb-file-description DreamWorks resource game archive
blb-file-description Files with blb file extension can be found as game archives from games made by DreamWorks.

blc-file-extension
blc-file-description BIACORE Instruments project
blc-file-description A blc file extension is related to the BIACORE Instruments and used for its project files.

bld-file-extension
bld-file-description MegaPaint picture image
bld-file-description There are 16 other file types  usingthe BLD file extension!

ble-file-extension
ble-file-description BIAevaluation project
ble-file-description Files with ble file extension might be found as projects from BIAevaluation programs by GE.

blend-file-extension
blend-file-description Blender 3D data file
blend-file-description Files with blend file extension are the default 3D graphic files created and saved in popular Blender, a 3D computer graphics software for Windows, macOS and Linux.

blend1-file-extension
blend1-file-description Blender backup
blend1-file-description A blend1 file extension is related to the Blender, a 3D modeling tool for various platforms. A blend1 file stores backup of data.

blend2-file-extension
blend2-file-description Blender document backup
blend2-file-description A blend2 file extension is related to the Blender, a 3D modeling tool for various platforms. A blend2 file contains backup.

blg-file-extension
blg-file-description Microsoft Windows binary performance log
blg-file-description Files with blg file extension can be found as binary performance logs generated in Microsoft Windows by the perfmon.exe service (System Monitor).

bli-file-extension
bli-file-description Thomson Speedtouch series WLAN router firmware
bli-file-description A bli file extension is related to the Thomson Speedtouch firmware files.

blif-file-extension
blif-file-description Berkeley Logic Interchange Format
blif-file-description The blif file extension is related to the Berkeley Logic Interchange Format.

blight-file-extension
blight-file-description Mario Kart mod effect
blight-file-description A blight file extension is related to the Mario Kart video game.

blj-file-extension
blj-file-description Sagem Fast 3202 firmware update
blj-file-description A blj file extension is related to the firmware update file used by Sagem Fast ADSL modems.

blk-file-extension
blk-file-description AutoCAD block template
blk-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe BLK file extension!

blkrt-file-extension
blkrt-file-description Block Artist picture image
blkrt-file-description A bklrt file extension is related to the Block Artist and used for its image files.

bll-file-extension
bll-file-description VBS/European-A worm file
bll-file-description Files with bll extension are known as dangerous email-aware files.

blm-file-extension
blm-file-description Eurolink comma separated value
blm-file-description A blm file extension is related to the Eurolink web services called Veco and used for its comma separated value files.

bln-file-extension
bln-file-description Golden Software Blanking file format
bln-file-description Files with bln file extension are ASCII 3D data formats used by Golden Software applications.

blo-file-extension
blo-file-description IBM DB2 binary large object data
blo-file-description A blo file extension is related to the IBM DB2 database software for Windows, Linux and Unix.

blob-file-extension
blob-file-description Steam Client registry
blob-file-description Files with blob file extension may be typically found as registry files from Steam Client by Valve.

blockplt-file-extension
blockplt-file-description LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT palette file
blockplt-file-description The *.blockplt file extension is related to the LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT palette file format.

blogthis-file-extension
blogthis-file-description Microsoft Windows Writer BlogThis data
blogthis-file-description A blogthis file extension is used for Microsoft Windows Writer BlogThis data files.

blorb-file-extension
blorb-file-description Blorb A to Z Machine Resource Collection Format Standard
blorb-file-description Files with blorb file extension can be found in old computer games as one of the resource data files.

blp-file-extension
blp-file-description Blizzard game texture
blp-file-description A blp file extension is related to the World of Warcraft and other computer games developed by Blizzard. A blp file stores game texture.

blr-file-extension
blr-file-description BIACORE instruments and BIAlite project
blr-file-description A blr file extension is related to the BIACORE instruments and BIAlite projects.

blrb-file-extension
blrb-file-description Apple Extensions Manager info file
blrb-file-description Detailed description

bls-file-extension
bls-file-description Blockland saved game
bls-file-description A bls file extension is related to the computer game Blockland and used for its saved game files.

blt-file-extension
blt-file-description Corel WordPerfect for DOS data
blt-file-description A blt file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and word processing tool.

bltx-file-extension
bltx-file-description BlaTeX source code
bltx-file-description Files with bltx file extension are related to the BlaTeX tool. A bltx file contains source code.

blu-file-extension
blu-file-description FileMaker Pro runtime extension
blu-file-description Files with blu file extension are plugins/extensions for FileMaker Pro database management software.

blue-file-extension
blue-file-description EVE Online texture file
blue-file-description Files with blue extension are used for EVE Online computer game.

bluebutton-file-extension
bluebutton-file-description VA Blue Button text document
bluebutton-file-description Files with bluebutton file extension are related and can be found in the Blue Button services of U.S. veterans.

bluej-file-extension
bluej-file-description BlueJ package
bluej-file-description A bluej file extension is related to the BlueJ development tool. A bluej file stores programming project.

bluestacks-file-extension
bluestacks-file-description BlueStacks App Player data
bluestacks-file-description A bluestacks file extension is associated with the BlueStacks App Player app for Mac and Windows.

blv-file-extension
blv-file-description Might and Magic 6/7 dungeon level geometry data
blv-file-description Files with blv file extension might be found as game files from Might and Magic 6 and 7 computer games.

blw-file-extension
blw-file-description ArcView world file for bil image
blw-file-description A blw file extension is related to the ArcView GIS software. A blw file stores world file for bil image.

blwd-file-extension
blwd-file-description Claris HomePage file
blwd-file-description Detailed description

blx-file-extension
blx-file-description Magellan MapSend map data
blx-file-description A blx file extension is related to the Magellan MapSend and used for its map data files.

bly-file-extension
bly-file-description FIFA World Cup game data
bly-file-description A bly file extension is related to the FIFA World Cup video game for PC and video gaming consoles.

blz-file-extension
blz-file-description BriefLZ compressed data file
blz-file-description Files with blz extension are associated with BriefLZ compression algorithm.

bm-file-extension
bm-file-description X Windows system bitmap image
bm-file-description Files with bm extension can be mainly found as bitmap images from the X Windows system images.

bm1-file-extension
bm1-file-description Bio Menace game data
bm1-file-description A bm1 file extension is related to the Bio Menace computer game. A bm1 file contains game data.

bm2-file-extension
bm2-file-description Subspace/Continuum bitmap graphics
bm2-file-description Files with bm2 file extension can be found as graphics files from old Subspace/Continuum online game. Basically renamed BMPs.

bm3-file-extension
bm3-file-description Sony Ericsson backup
bm3-file-description A bm3 file extension is related to Sony Ericsson PC Suite. A bm3 file stores backup of mobile phone.

bma-file-extension
bma-file-description Compressed archive
bma-file-description Files with bma file extension can be found as compressed archives from BMA archiver.

bmap-file-extension
bmap-file-description Bmaptool block map
bmap-file-description Files with bmap extension can be also found as some kind of block map files generated by Bmaptool for filesystem purposes.

bmb-file-extension
bmb-file-description Pro/ENGINEER temporary data
bmb-file-description Files with bmb file extension are mostly found as temporary files generated by older versions of Pro/ENGINEER software.

bmc-file-extension
bmc-file-description Microsoft Terminal Server Client bitmap cache
bmc-file-description Files with bmc file extension are associated with the Microsoft Terminal Server Client bitmap cache format.

bmd-file-extension
bmd-file-description Nintendo GameCube 3D model
bmd-file-description Files with bmd file extension can be usually found on Nintendo GameCube platform as 3D game model files.

bmd5-file-extension
bmd5-file-description BookmarkingDaemon data
bmd5-file-description A bmd5 file extension is related to the BookmarkingDaemon website optimizing tool.

bmd6anim-file-extension
bmd6anim-file-description id Tech 6 animation data
bmd6anim-file-description A bmd6anim file extension is associated with the id Tech 6 video gaming engine. A bmd6anim file contains animation.

bmd6model-file-extension
bmd6model-file-description id Tech 6 model
bmd6model-file-description A bmd6model file extension is related to the Doom (Doom 4 or Doom 2016) video game. A bmd6model file contains model.

bmdx-file-extension
bmdx-file-description XWE data
bmdx-file-description A bmdx file extension is related to the eXtendable Wad Editor.

bme-file-extension
bme-file-description Konami Beatmania music simulator data
bme-file-description A bme file extension is related to the Beatmania computer game from Konami. A bme file stores game data.

bmf-file-extension
bmf-file-description Corel Gallery binary material data
bmf-file-description Files with bmf file extension might be found as some sort of picture format used by older Corel Gallery program.

bmg-file-extension
bmg-file-description Mario Kart Wii message
bmg-file-description A bmg file extension is related to the Mario Kart Wii and other games for Nintendo video gaming consoles. A bmg file stores on-screen text.

bmi-file-extension
bmi-file-description 3d Studio Max plugin
bmi-file-description Files with bmi file extension can be mainly found as plugins for 3ds Max software.

bmk-file-extension
bmk-file-description Windows Help bookmark data
bmk-file-description A bmk file extension is related to bookmark files used by various applications.

bml-file-extension
bml-file-description Binary Markup Language document
bml-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe BML file extension!

bmm-file-extension
bmm-file-description Tacmi Pixia palette
bmm-file-description A bmm file extension is related to the Pixia, a painting software. A bmm file stores palette.

bmml-file-extension
bmml-file-description Balsamiq Mockups graphics
bmml-file-description Files with bmml extension can be generally found as graphics from the Balsamiq Mockups program. It's an XML based graphical document with its own syntax.

bmo-file-extension
bmo-file-description SIMATIC WinCC script
bmo-file-description A bmo file extension is related to the SIMATIC WinCC software from Siemens.

bmodel-file-extension
bmodel-file-description id Tech 6 model
bmodel-file-description A bmodel file extension is related to the id Tech 6 video gaming engine and used for its model files.

bmp24-file-extension
bmp24-file-description Bitmap graphics
bmp24-file-description A bmp24 file extension is related to the some kind of bitmap graphic file format.

bmpenx-file-extension
bmpenx-file-description Encrypted BMP picture image
bmpenx-file-description A bmpenx file extension is associated with the encrypted BMP picture image format from Egis.

bmpp-file-extension
bmpp-file-description Microsoft Windows bitmap image
bmpp-file-description A bmpp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows bitmap image format.

bmpr-file-extension
bmpr-file-description Balsamiq Mockups document
bmpr-file-description Files with bmpr file extension seems to be mainly found as special wireframe documents made using the Balsamiq Mockups.

bmpskin-file-extension
bmpskin-file-description Blaze Media Pro skin
bmpskin-file-description A bmpskin file extension is related to the Blaze Media Pro skin files.

bmpw-file-extension
bmpw-file-description Blender GIS world data
bmpw-file-description Files with bmpw file extension are commonly used by Blender GIS world files.

bmp_-file-extension
bmp_-file-description Standard Windows Bitmap image file
bmp_-file-description Files with bmp extension are used by the Standard Windows Bitmap image files.

bmq-file-extension
bmq-file-description Re-Volt texture
bmq-file-description A bmq file extension is related to the Re-Volt, a racing computer game. A bmq file stores textures in bitmap picture file format.

bmr-file-extension
bmr-file-description Bare Metal Restore data
bmr-file-description A bmr file extension is related to the Bare Metal Restore.

bms-file-extension
bms-file-description Backup Magic backup set
bms-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe BMS file extension!

bmt-file-extension
bmt-file-description Alpha Five image library
bmt-file-description A bmt file extension is related to the Alpha Five a development environment. A bmt file stores image library.

bmtp-file-extension
bmtp-file-description Bome's Midi Translator project
bmtp-file-description A bmtp file extension is related to the Bome's Midi Translator. A bmtp file contains Bome's Midi Translator project.

bmu-file-extension
bmu-file-description BioWare music unit
bmu-file-description A bmu file extension is related to the BioWare and used for its music unit files.

bmv-file-extension
bmv-file-description movieFOLiO project
bmv-file-description A bmv file extension is related to the movieFOLiO software.

bmw-file-extension
bmw-file-description BuzzPlay music with waves
bmw-file-description Files with bmw extension can be found as audio files (music) with waves from Buzz software.

bmx-file-extension
bmx-file-description Alpha Five image library
bmx-file-description A bmx file extension is related to the Alpha Five database management system and used for its library files.

bmz-file-extension
bmz-file-description Compressed bitmap image
bmz-file-description Files with bmz file extension can commonly be found as ZIP compressed bitmap images. Some email clients do this to bmp attachments to reduce their size.

bm_-file-extension
bm_-file-description Unknown file extension
bm_-file-description Files with bm_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

bn-file-extension
bn-file-description AdLib instrument bank
bn-file-description A bn file extension is related to the AdLib instrument bank format.

bn4-file-extension
bn4-file-description Yamaha DX100 voice
bn4-file-description A bn4 file extension is associated with the Yamaha DX100/DX21/DX27. A bn4 file contains voice.

bna-file-extension
bna-file-description Atlas Boundary data
bna-file-description Files with bna file extension extension are ASCII 2D map data in Atlas Boundary format.

bnc-file-extension
bnc-file-description Bojanov Encryptor encrypted data
bnc-file-description Files with bnc file extension are archives encrypted using Bojanov Encryptor program.

bnd-file-extension
bnd-file-description Neighbours From Hell game archive
bnd-file-description Files with bnd file extension can be found as game archives from the Neighbours From Hell computer game. These files contain game resources.

bndl-file-extension
bndl-file-description Bundle file format
bndl-file-description Files with bndl extension can be generally found as Bundle format files from games, like F.E.A.R.

bndlxml5-file-extension
bndlxml5-file-description Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor game data
bndlxml5-file-description Files with bndlxml5 file extension are used by Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor video game.

bnf-file-extension
bnf-file-description IBM Voice Type languages map data
bnf-file-description A bnf file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type languages map data format.

bng-file-extension
bng-file-description Bingo Maker Bingo data template
bng-file-description A bng file extension is related to the Bingo Maker Bingo program. A bng file contains data template.

bnhq-file-extension
bnhq-file-description BinHex archive file
bnhq-file-description Detailed description

bni-file-extension
bni-file-description Blizzard Battle.Net icon
bni-file-description A bni file extension is related to computer games developed by Blizzard Entertainment and used for icon files.

bnk-file-extension
bnk-file-description BINK compressed video file
bnk-file-description Files with bnk file extension might also be found as RAD Tools BINK videos.

bnl-file-extension
bnl-file-description MicroSim PCBoard netlist data
bnl-file-description Files with bnl extension can be found as part of MicroSim PCBoard software, now known as OrCAD. Netlist file.

bnp-file-extension
bnp-file-description Sony HD camera system data file
bnp-file-description Files with bnp file extension can be found as some sort of metadata for videos recorded using some Sony Camcorders, such as HDR-SR5 or Handycamp DCR-DVD810.

bnr-file-extension
bnr-file-description Nintento Wii homebrew data
bnr-file-description A bnr file extension is related to software for Nintendo Wii video gaming console.

bns-file-extension
bns-file-description Portal script
bns-file-description A bns file extension is related to the Portal a first person shooter. A bns file stores game script.

bnskin-file-extension
bnskin-file-description BeatNik clock skin file
bnskin-file-description The BNSKIN file extension is related to the BeatNik clock skin files.

bnt-file-extension
bnt-file-description Entropia Universe game archive
bnt-file-description Files with bnt file extension can be found as game data files from Entropia Universe MMORPG computer game.

bnx-file-extension
bnx-file-description Board Neutral Exchange data
bnx-file-description A bnx file extension is related to the Board Neutral Exchange file format.

bny-file-extension
bny-file-description Binary ll format
bny-file-description Files with bny extension are associated with a Binary II format. You can work with these files by using ShrinkIt program.

bnz-file-extension
bnz-file-description Bingo Maker Bingo template or bingo list update data
bnz-file-description A bng file extension is related to The Bingo Maker program. A bng file contains bingo template or bingo list update.

bo-file-extension
bo-file-description BSC intermediate object
bo-file-description A bo file extension is related to the BSC, a compiling program developed by Bluespec company.

boa-file-extension
boa-file-description Compressed archive
boa-file-description A boa file extension is related to the BOA Constrictor Archive format. Probably obsolete.

bob-file-extension
bob-file-description BOB Raytracer bitmap image
bob-file-description A bob file extension is related to the BOB Raytracer bitmap image file format.

bobo-file-extension
bobo-file-description ClarisWorks data
bobo-file-description A bobo file extension is related to the ClarisWorks, an office suite for Apple Mac. A .bobo file contains data.

bobthebuildersavedgame-file-extension
bobthebuildersavedgame-file-description Bob the Builder: Can do Zoo saved game
bobthebuildersavedgame-file-description A bobthebuildersavedgame file extension is related to the Bob the Builder: Can do Zoo video game. A bobthebuildersavedgame file stores saved game position.

boc-file-extension
boc-file-description E-Press EasyWord big document
boc-file-description A boc file extension is related to the EasyWord, a word processor for Microsoft Windows. A boc file stores document.

bochsrc-file-extension
bochsrc-file-description Bochs configuration
bochsrc-file-description A bochsrc file extension is related to the Bochs virtual machine. A bochsrc file stores configuration.

bod-file-extension
bod-file-description X3 Reunion ship data
bod-file-description Files with bod file extension can be found as ship models from X3 Reunion computer game.

boe-file-extension
boe-file-description Microsoft Outlook Express backup file
boe-file-description Files with boe suffix can be found as compressed backup of email messages from Microsoft Outlook Express email client.

bof-file-extension
bof-file-description Babylon registration data
bof-file-description Files with bof file extension are related to Babylon translation tool. A bof file contains license information.

bog-file-extension
bog-file-description Binary object geometry format
bog-file-description Files with bog extension are mainly related to the Binary object geometry format used for representing 3D mesh objects.

boh-file-extension
boh-file-description Europa Universallis 2 game data
boh-file-description Files with boh file extension might be found as part of Europa Universalis computer game.

bok-file-extension
bok-file-description TestGen test bank file
bok-file-description A bok file extension is related to the TestGen, a software for creating tests. A bok file stores test bank data.

bol-file-extension
bol-file-description Mario Kart course setup data
bol-file-description Files with bol file extension might be found as part of Mario Kart video games.

bom-file-extension
bom-file-description Apple Mac OS X Bill of Materials
bom-file-description A bom file extension is associated with the Apple Mac OS X. File is created by Mac OS X Installer and uses a file system "bill of materials" to determine which files to install, remove, or upgrade.

bon-file-extension
bon-file-description Binary Object Notation Document
bon-file-description A bon file extension is related to the Binary Object Notation Document format, used to store serializing data for storage or communication.

bonds-file-extension
bonds-file-description Ribbons bonds file
bonds-file-description Files with bonds extension are associated with Ribbons program as some various data files.

bonk-file-extension
bonk-file-description Bonk audio data
bonk-file-description A bonk file extension is associated with Bonk a lossless as well as lossy compression audio format. A bonk file stores audio data.

boo-file-extension
boo-file-description Microsoft Booasm.arc encoded file archive
boo-file-description A boo file extension is related to the Microsoft Booasm.arc encoded file archives.

book-file-extension
book-file-description Adobe FrameMaker book document
book-file-description Files with book extension could be especially in the past found as structured documents produced by Adobe FrameMaker.

bookexport-file-extension
bookexport-file-description Booksmart export format
bookexport-file-description Files with bookexport file extension can be typically found as export files from Blurb Booksmart bookmarking program.

booktemplate-file-extension
booktemplate-file-description iBooks Author book template
booktemplate-file-description A booktemplate file extension is related to the iBooks Author app. A .booktemplate file contains book template.

bookwormdeluxesavedgame-file-extension
bookwormdeluxesavedgame-file-description Bookworm Deluxe saved game file
bookwormdeluxesavedgame-file-description The bookwormdeluxesavedgame file extension is related to the Bookworm Deluxe game and used for its saved game files.

boot-file-extension
boot-file-description InstallShield data
boot-file-description A boot file extension is related to the InstallShield application.

bootefisignature-file-extension
bootefisignature-file-description Mac system data
bootefisignature-file-description A bootefisignature file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system.

bootskin-file-extension
bootskin-file-description Microsoft Windows boot skin
bootskin-file-description Files with bootskin file extension can be found as skins for Windows Booting process that can be applied using BootSkin program.

bootstrap-file-extension
bootstrap-file-description Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming bootstrap
bootstrap-file-description A bootstrap file extension is related to the Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming bootstrap files.

bop-file-extension
bop-file-description Business Office Pro document
bop-file-description A bop file extension is related to the Business Office Pro and used for its document files.

borland-file-extension
borland-file-description Borland C makefile
borland-file-description A borland file extension is related to the Borland C, development tool. A .borland file contains makefile.

bos-file-extension
bos-file-description Dynamite VSP building object style
bos-file-description Files with bos suffix can be found as saved building object styles from Dynamite VSP program.

bot-file-extension
bot-file-description Quake 3 Arena bot AI data
bot-file-description Files with bot file extension are related to the Quake 3 Arena, a 3D first person shooter video game. A bot file contains bot AI data.

bow-file-extension
bow-file-description BO2K data
bow-file-description A bow file extension is related to the BO2K, a remote administration software.

bowerrc-file-extension
bowerrc-file-description Node.js data
bowerrc-file-description A bowerrc file extension is related to the Node.js, a tool for building network applications. A bowerrc file stores some kind of settings data.

box-file-extension
box-file-description Systems Management Server (SMS) temporary holding area file
box-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe BOX file extension!

box3d-file-extension
box3d-file-description Box Shot 3D project
box3d-file-description A box3d file extension is related to the Box Shot 3D, a modeling tool. A .box3d file stores project.

boxer-file-extension
boxer-file-description Boxer for Mac game archive file
boxer-file-description Files with boxer file extension are also known as gamebox. Main function is to store game data, settings etc. for old MS-DOS games on MAC.

boxr-file-extension
boxr-file-description Boxerjam file
boxr-file-description Detailed description

boz-file-extension
boz-file-description BZIP compressed archive
boz-file-description A boz file extension is associated with the BZIP. File contains compressed archive (Bzip Over Zip).

bp-file-extension
bp-file-description DataFlex business process object
bp-file-description Files with bp file extension can be found as business process object files from DataFlex program.

bp0-file-extension
bp0-file-description SmartWare backup project
bp0-file-description A bp0 file extension is related to the SmartWare programming software. A bp0 file contains backup of project.

bp1-file-extension
bp1-file-description Smartware backup document
bp1-file-description Files with bp1 extension can be found as document backups created using Smartware Word Processor.

bp2-file-extension
bp2-file-description AutoCAD batch plot list
bp2-file-description Files with bp2 file extension are related to the AutoCAD and used for its batch plot lists.

bp3-file-extension
bp3-file-description AutoCAD batch plot data
bp3-file-description A bp3 file extension is related ot the AutoCAD from Autodesk. A bp3 file stores batch plot data.

bp4-file-extension
bp4-file-description SmartWare backup project
bp4-file-description A bp4 file extension is related to the SmartWare development tool. A bp4 file stores backup of project.

bpa-file-extension
bpa-file-description Binary package application data
bpa-file-description A bpa file extension is related to the binary package application data file format.

bpb-file-extension
bpb-file-description PowerDesigner business process backup
bpb-file-description A bpb file extension is related to the PowerDesigner and used for its business process backup.

bpc-file-extension
bpc-file-description BuildPro data
bpc-file-description A bpc file extension is associated with the BuildPro program. A bpc file stores some kind of data used by this program.

bpd-file-extension
bpd-file-description PostScript binary printer description
bpd-file-description Files with bpd suffix can be found as binary version PostScript printer description file format.

bpdx-file-extension
bpdx-file-description Adobe Acrobat catalog batch PDX data
bpdx-file-description A bpdx file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat, a PDF documents authoring tool and used for its catalog batch PDX files.

bpel-file-extension
bpel-file-description Fiorano BPEL project file
bpel-file-description Files with bpel extension are used by the Fiorano program as it's project files.

bpf-file-extension
bpf-file-description BatchPhoto profile data
bpf-file-description Files with bpf extension can be found as profile settings files from BatchPhoto software that allows users to edit digital photos.

bpg-file-extension
bpg-file-description Better Portable Graphics picture image
bpg-file-description A bpg file extension related to Better Portable Graphics (BPG Image format) a picture image file format used to store bitmap picture images.

bph-file-extension
bph-file-description Blophome locally saved project
bph-file-description Files with bhw file extension can be found as locally saved interior design projects from Blophome platform.

bphys-file-extension
bphys-file-description Blender cache
bphys-file-description A bphys file extension is related to the Blender and used for its cache files.

bpi-file-extension
bpi-file-description IBM Voice Type languages new user data
bpi-file-description A bpi file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages new user data.

bpj-file-extension
bpj-file-description Boxsim simulation data
bpj-file-description Files with bpj file extension are saved simulation files from Boxsim loudspeaker simulation software.

bpk-file-extension
bpk-file-description Nero SecurDisc public key
bpk-file-description Files with bpk file extension can be found as public keys for verification of Nero burned disc. Created using Nero SecurDisc program.

bpkey-file-extension
bpkey-file-description Blender Publisher license key
bpkey-file-description A bpkey file extension is related to the Blender Publisher, a part of Blender 3D modeling tool and used for its license key data.

bpl-file-extension
bpl-file-description Delphi packed library
bpl-file-description Files with bpl extension can be usually encountered as special packaged libraries from Delphi programming environment.

bpm-file-extension
bpm-file-description Battle Planner module
bpm-file-description Files with bpm extension are in most cases game files from the Battle Planner tool for managing collections, armies and decks for favorite games.

bpmc-file-extension
bpmc-file-description Bizagi Process Modeler data
bpmc-file-description A bpmc file extension is related to the Bizagi Process Modeler and used for its diagram files.

bpmn-file-extension
bpmn-file-description Avantage template
bpmn-file-description Files with bpmn extension can be usually found as templates for Avantage process modeling software.

bpn-file-extension
bpn-file-description ArchiCAD backup
bpn-file-description Files with bpn extension can be mainly found as project backups from the ArchiCAD 3D modeling software.

bpnueb-file-extension
bpnueb-file-description Payame Noor University (PNU) e-book
bpnueb-file-description A bpnueb file extension is related to the Payame Noor University e-book file format.

bpo-file-extension
bpo-file-description DataFlex business process object
bpo-file-description Files with bpo extension are associated with Business Process Object.

bpp-file-extension
bpp-file-description Clarion backup application
bpp-file-description A bpp file extension is related to the Clarion a database development tool. A bpp file stores backup of app.

bpr-file-extension
bpr-file-description Borland C++ Builder XML project
bpr-file-description A bpr file extension is related to the Borland C++ Builder XML project file format.

bprc-file-extension
bprc-file-description Palm OS desktop data
bprc-file-description A bprc file extension is related to the Palm OS desktop files.

bps-file-extension
bps-file-description Microsoft Works document backup
bps-file-description A bps file extension is associated with the Microsoft Works, an office suite for Windows. A bps file stores backup of document.

bpsd-file-extension
bpsd-file-description Backup Plus data
bpsd-file-description A bpsd file extension is related to the Backup Plus software.

bpt-file-extension
bpt-file-description CorelDRAW bitmap master data
bpt-file-description A bpt file extension is related to the CorelDRAW and used for its bitmap master files.

bpv-file-extension
bpv-file-description BallPark Business Valuation valuation scenario
bpv-file-description A bpv file extension is related to the BallPark Business Valuation and used for its valuation scenario files.

bpw-file-extension
bpw-file-description ArcView world file for bip or bmp images
bpw-file-description A bpw file extension is related to the ArcView, a GIS software. A bpw file contains world file for bip or bmp images.

bpwx-file-extension
bpwx-file-description Blender GIS world data
bpwx-file-description A bpwx file extension is related to the Blender GIS world files.

bpx-file-extension
bpx-file-description Truevision Targa bitmap image
bpx-file-description Files with bpx file extension are mostly bitmap images in Truevision Targa format. Viewable in XnView.

bpz-file-extension
bpz-file-description Easy Blue Print library
bpz-file-description Files with bpz file extension can be found as symbol libraries for Easy Blue Print software.

bqf-file-extension
bqf-file-description Wavewatch binary quadrupled data
bqf-file-description A bqf file extension is related to the wavewatch binary quadrupled data format.

bqs-file-extension
bqs-file-description BillQuick database
bqs-file-description A bqs file extension is related to the BillQuick program for Microsoft Windows. A bqs file contains database.

bqw-file-extension
bqw-file-description ArcView world data
bqw-file-description A bqw file extension is related to the ArcView and used for its world data files.

bqy-file-extension
bqy-file-description BrioQuery database
bqy-file-description Files with bqy suffix can be usually found as some kind of database files from now discontinued BrioQuery app which is now parts of Oracle's Hyperion Performance Management software.

br-file-extension
br-file-description Omnis data
br-file-description A br file extension is related to the Omnis Studio and used for its data files.

br1-file-extension
br1-file-description Total Commander cached button bar icons
br1-file-description Files with br1 file extension can be found as cached button bar icons from Total Commander file manager.

br2-file-extension
br2-file-description Total Commander cached button bar icons
br2-file-description A br2 file extension is related to the Total Commander and used for its cached button bar icons files.

br25-file-extension
br25-file-description BMW iDrive multimedia data
br25-file-description Files with br25 extension can be also found as special audio files for BMW iDrive player in BMW cars.

br27-file-extension
br27-file-description BMW iDrive multimedia data
br27-file-description Files with br27 file extension can be also found as special audio files for BMW iDrive player in BMW cars.

br28-file-extension
br28-file-description BMW iDrive multimedia data
br28-file-description Files with br28 extension are related to the BMW iDrive multimedia data format.

br29-file-extension
br29-file-description BMW iDrive multimedia data
br29-file-description Files with br29 file extension are related to the BMW iDrive system. A br29 file contains multimedia data.

br3-file-extension
br3-file-description Bryce version 3 scene
br3-file-description A br3 file extension is related to the Bryce scene modeling software for Mac and Windows. A br3 file contains 3D scene generated by Bryce.

br31-file-extension
br31-file-description BMW iDrive multimedia data
br31-file-description A br31 file extension is associated with the BMW iDrive multimedia data format.

br32-file-extension
br32-file-description BMW iDrive multimedia data
br32-file-description A br32 file extension is related to the BMW iDrive software and used for its multimedia data.

br4-file-extension
br4-file-description Bryce version 4 scene
br4-file-description A br4 file extension is related to the Bryce 4 a 3D modeling tool for Microsoft Windows and Mac. A br4 file stores scene data.

br48-file-extension
br48-file-description BMW iDrive multimedia data
br48-file-description A br48 file extension is associated with the multimedia data format used by iDrive from BMW.

br5-file-extension
br5-file-description Bryce version 5 scene
br5-file-description Files with br5 file extension may also be found as 3D graphics scene files saved using the Bryce modeling software.

br6-file-extension
br6-file-description Bryce version 6 scene
br6-file-description A br6 file extension is related to the Bryce a 3D scene rendering tool. A br6 file contains scene created in Bryce.

br7-file-extension
br7-file-description Bryce version 7 scene
br7-file-description A br7 file extension is related to the Bryce a 3D scene rendering tool. A br7 file contains scene.

bra-file-extension
bra-file-description Linux data
bra-file-description Files with bra file extension seems to be mainly encountered in Linux and appear to be some kind of data files either for the OS or some program.

bragg-file-extension
bragg-file-description Bragg profile
bragg-file-description A bragg file extension is associated with the RMCProfile software. A bragg file stores Bragg profile.

brain-file-extension
brain-file-description PersonalBrain mind map
brain-file-description A brain file extension is related to the PersonalBrain program and used for its mind maps.

braincrypt-file-extension
braincrypt-file-description Braincrypt ransomware affected file
braincrypt-file-description Files with braincrypt suffix can be found as files encrypted and affected by the Braincrypt ransomware.

brainzip-file-extension
brainzip-file-description PersonalBrain data
brainzip-file-description A brainzip file extension is related to the PersonalBrain and used for its data files.

brasd-file-extension
brasd-file-description Mario Kart mod
brasd-file-description A brasd file extension is related to the Mario Kart and used for its mod files.

brb-file-extension
brb-file-description Bryce object export
brb-file-description A brb file extension is related to the rendering software for Mac and Windows called Bryce. A brb file contains data used for object export.

brc-file-extension
brc-file-description Bryce version 2 scene
brc-file-description A brc file contains saved scene data in Bryce version 2. Bryce version 2 is and old 3D scene software.

brd-file-extension
brd-file-description EAGLE Circuit Board data
brd-file-description A brd file extension is related to EAGLE (short for Easily Applicable Graphical Layout Editor). A brd file stores CAE data about a single PCB (Printed Circuit Board).

bre-file-extension
bre-file-description Breuckmann scanner data
bre-file-description A bre file extension is related to the Breuckmann scanner data format.

breaking_bad-file-extension
breaking_bad-file-description Files1147@gmail(.)com ransomware affected data
breaking_bad-file-description Files with ​breaking_bad file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed archives affected by the as Files1147@gmail(.)com.

breff-file-extension
breff-file-description Mario Kart Wii animated graphic data
breff-file-description A breff file extension is related to the Mario Kart Wii and used for its animated graphics.

breft-file-extension
breft-file-description Mario Kart Wii animated graphic file
breft-file-description Detailed description

brep-file-extension
brep-file-description 3D model file
brep-file-description A brep file extension is associated with Open CASCADE Technology.

brew-file-extension
brew-file-description Homebrew data
brew-file-description Files with brew file extension can be found as part of Homebrew for Mac OS X (macOS).

brf-file-extension
brf-file-description Braille ready format
brf-file-description A brf file extension is associated with the Duxbury Braille Translator and used for its text documents files.

brfnt-file-extension
brfnt-file-description Mario Kart Wii font file
brfnt-file-description Files with brfnt extension are used by Mario Kart for Wii. They include fonts which are used to display text in the game.

brg-file-extension
brg-file-description Age of Mythology 3D game model
brg-file-description A brg file extension is related to the Age Of Mythology computer game developed by Microsoft. A brg file stores 3D model.

brh-file-extension
brh-file-description Baraha document
brh-file-description Files with brh suffix can be most often found as special documents in Indian language prepared with the Baraha document editor.

bri-file-extension
bri-file-description Open Text FirstClass file
bri-file-description Files with bri extension are used for FirstClass Unified Communications application.

bricksofegyptsavedgame-file-extension
bricksofegyptsavedgame-file-description Bricks of Egypt saved game
bricksofegyptsavedgame-file-description The bricksofegyptsavedgame file extension is related to the Bricks of Egypt computer game.

bridgecache-file-extension
bridgecache-file-description Adobe Bridge cache
bridgecache-file-description A bridgecachce file extension is related to the Adobe Bridge and used for cache files.

bridgecachet-file-extension
bridgecachet-file-description Adobe Bridge cache
bridgecachet-file-description A bridgecachet file extension is related to the Adobe Bridge a digital asset management tool. A .bridgecachet file stores data cache.

bridgelabelsandratings-file-extension
bridgelabelsandratings-file-description Adobe Bridge data
bridgelabelsandratings-file-description Files with bridgelabelsandratings extension are related to the Adobe Bridge for Mac and Windows and used for its metadata files.

bridgesort-file-extension
bridgesort-file-description Adobe Bridge cabinet data
bridgesort-file-description A bridgesort file extension is related to the Adobe Bridge and used for its cabinet files.

bridgesupport-file-extension
bridgesupport-file-description bridgesupport Mac OS X file extension
bridgesupport-file-description Files with bridgesupport file extension are xml files with description of API symbols of frameworks or libraries which can't be introspected during runtime.

bript-file-extension
bript-file-description BadEncriptor ransomware affected file
bript-file-description Files with bript suffix are encrypted files renamed by the BadEncriptor ransomware.

brk-file-extension
brk-file-description Brooktrout fax
brk-file-description A brk file extension is related to the Brooktrout fax format. It is obsolete file format, but viewable in XnView and other viewers.

brl-file-extension
brl-file-description MicroBraille document
brl-file-description Files with brl suffix can be most often found as special digital publications for bind people. Saved in MicroBraille document format.

brlcad-file-extension
brlcad-file-description BRL-CAD 3D drawing
brlcad-file-description A brlcad file extension is related to the BRL-CAD and used for its 3D drawings.

brlyt-file-extension
brlyt-file-description Nintendo Wii texture settings file
brlyt-file-description Files with brlyt extension are used by Nintendo Wii gaming console.

brm-file-extension
brm-file-description Kega Fusion RAM backup
brm-file-description A brm file extension is related to the Kega Fusion, an emulator of Sega video gaming consoles. A brm file contains RAM backup.

brmdl-file-extension
brmdl-file-description Nintendo Wii BRMDL model
brmdl-file-description A brmdl file extension is related to some video games for Nintendo Wii. A brmdl file contains game model.

brml-file-extension
brml-file-description Big Red Markup Language source code
brml-file-description A brml file extension is related to the Big Red Markup Language. A brml file stores source code written in BRML.

brn-file-extension
brn-file-description BrainStorm data
brn-file-description Files with brn file extension are used for applications like Brainstorm. They contain brainstorming data.

bro-file-extension
bro-file-description Tree Professional Broadleaf vegetation 3D model
bro-file-description Files with bro file extension might be 3d models of tree, shrubs or other vegetation made using the Tree Professional Broadleaf Creator by Onyx Computing.

broguesave-file-extension
broguesave-file-description Brogue saved game
broguesave-file-description Files with broguesave file extension might be found as saved game positions from Brogue video game.

browser-file-extension
browser-file-description ASP.NET browser definition
browser-file-description A browser file extension is related to the ASP.NET browser definition file format.

brp-file-extension
brp-file-description Tree Professional Broadleaf Creator image
brp-file-description A brp file extension is related to the OnyxTREE BROADLEAF program. A brp file stores image.

brpx-file-extension
brpx-file-description e-Sword bible reading plan
brpx-file-description Files with brpx suffix are reading schedules saved by users in the e-Sword Bible study software.

brr-file-extension
brr-file-description SNES BRR (Bit Rate Reduction) audio data
brr-file-description A brr file extension is related to the BRR (Bit Rate Reduction) audio file format used by SNES and other gaming consoles.

brres-file-extension
brres-file-description Mario Kart Wii object file
brres-file-description Files with brres extension are used by Mario Kart Wii video game. They icnlude some objects, models etc.

brs-file-extension
brs-file-description Batchrun batch
brs-file-description A brs file extension is associated with Batchrun utility for Windows and contains saved commands for creating batch file to automate windows tasks.

brsar-file-extension
brsar-file-description Audio data
brsar-file-description A brsar file extension is related to the audio format used by Wii and Sony PSP.

brseq-file-extension
brseq-file-description Nintendo Wii Binary Revolution Sequence
brseq-file-description A brseq file extension is associated with video games developed for Nintendo Wii.

brstm-file-extension
brstm-file-description Nintendo audio data
brstm-file-description A brstm file extension is related the Nintendo Wii and Nintendo GameCube gaming console. A brstm file stores audio data.

brstmspm-file-extension
brstmspm-file-description XWE data
brstmspm-file-description A brstmspm file extension is related to the XWE editing tool for Windows.

brt-file-extension
brt-file-description Booria Carpet Designer robotuft project
brt-file-description Files with brt file extension can be mostly found as carpet projects from Booria Carpet Designer software.

brtex-file-extension
brtex-file-description Wii BRTEX texture
brtex-file-description A brtex file extension is related to some video games for Nintendo Wii. A brtex file stores textures.

bru-file-extension
bru-file-description Brutus restore file
bru-file-description Files with bru extension are used for Brutus program.

brush-file-extension
brush-file-description Xerox Doodle Brush bitmap image
brush-file-description A brush file extension is related to the Xerox Doodle Brush bitmap image format.

brushcategory-file-extension
brushcategory-file-description Corel Painter brush category data
brushcategory-file-description A brushcategory file extension is related to the Corel Painter and used for its brush category files.

brushlibrary-file-extension
brushlibrary-file-description Corel Painter brush library
brushlibrary-file-description A brushlibrary file extension is related to the Corel Painter and used for its brush library files.

brushvariant-file-extension
brushvariant-file-description Corel Painter brush variant data
brushvariant-file-description A brushvariant file extension is related to the Corel Painter and used for its brush variant files.

brv-file-extension
brv-file-description BraveViewer thumbnail cache
brv-file-description A brv file extension is related to the BraveViewer software. A brv file stores thumbnail cache.

brw-file-extension
brw-file-description PointCentral financial institutions loan
brw-file-description A brw file extension is used for some sort of financial data format used by Calyx PointCentral software.

brx-file-extension
brx-file-description BREW MP application resource data
brx-file-description A brx file extension is related to the BREW MP platform. A brx file stores application resource data.

bry2-file-extension
bry2-file-description Bryce 2 data
bry2-file-description A bry2 file extension is related to the Bryce 2 and used for its data files.

brz-file-extension
brz-file-description Dbbrz database backup or restore data
brz-file-description A brz file extension is associated with the database backup or restore data files.

bs-file-extension
bs-file-description Ball and Stick chemical modeller
bs-file-description A bs file extension is related to the Ball and Stick chemical modeler file format.

bs1-file-extension
bs1-file-description VirtualBus file
bs1-file-description Files with bs1 extension are used by VirtualBus computer game. These files store some game bus customization data.

bs2-file-extension
bs2-file-description BASIC Stamp 2 source code
bs2-file-description Files with bs2 file extension can be found as source codes for Parallax BASIC stamp modules or micro controllers.

bs4-file-extension
bs4-file-description Mikogo session video recording data
bs4-file-description A bs4 file extension is relate do the Mikogo a conferencing app from BeamYourScreen. A bs4 file contains video recording.

bs7-file-extension
bs7-file-description Windows 7 Boot Updater boot animation
bs7-file-description Files with bs7 extension are mostly related to Windows 7 Boot Updater utility that allows users to create customized boot animations for Microsoft Windows 7 operating system. A bs7 file stores customized Windows 7 boot animation.

bsa-file-extension
bsa-file-description Bethesda Softworks Archive
bsa-file-description Files with bsa file extension are game data archives commonly found in games produced by Bethesda Softworks (Fallout, TSE). These can be extracted using BSA Commander or other modding tool.

bsave-file-extension
bsave-file-description Quickbasic BLOAD/BSAVE format
bsave-file-description A bsave file extension is related to the Microsoft QuickBasic and used for its BLOAD/BSAVE format.

bsb-file-extension
bsb-file-description MapInfo sea chart
bsb-file-description Files with bsb file extension an be found as navigation sea charts produced by the MapInfo program.

bsc-file-extension
bsc-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ source browser information data
bsc-file-description A bsc file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ development environment and used for its source browser information data.

bscomp-file-extension
bscomp-file-description Bootstrap component
bscomp-file-description A bscomp file extension is related to files used by the Bootstrap web engine.

bscp-file-extension
bscp-file-description Bitvise SSH Client (Tunnelier) profile
bscp-file-description Files with bscp file extension can be usually encountered as projects from the Bitvise SSH Client (Tunnelier) software.

bscs-file-extension
bscs-file-description Balanced Scorecard Designer data
bscs-file-description A bscs file extension is related to the Balanced Scorecard Designer.

bsct-file-extension
bsct-file-description Balanced Scorecard Designer strategy file
bsct-file-description The BSCT file extension is related to the Balanced Scorecard Designer and used for its strategy files.

bsd-file-extension
bsd-file-description Microsoft SharePoint Server 2007 temporary data
bsd-file-description A bsd file extension is related to Microsoft SharePoint Server 2007 and used for its temporary files.

bsdesign-file-extension
bsdesign-file-description Bootstrap Studio design project
bsdesign-file-description Files with bsdesign extension are related to the Bootstrap Studio and Bootstrap website front-end framework. A bsdesign file stores website design project.

bsdf-file-extension
bsdf-file-description ZEMAX scattering distribution data
bsdf-file-description A bsdf file extension is related to the ZEMAX, an illumination and optical design software and used for its scattering distribution data files.

bsdiff-file-extension
bsdiff-file-description Cygwin data
bsdiff-file-description Files with bsdiff file extension might be found as part of Cygwin Linux environment for Windows.

bsdl-file-extension
bsdl-file-description Boundary Scan Description Language
bsdl-file-description A bsdl file extension is related to the Boundary scan description language.

bse-file-extension
bse-file-description CRiSP Harvest file
bse-file-description Files with bse extension are used by CRiSP Harvest application. They include some data for internal purposes.

bsed-file-extension
bsed-file-description Baidu Player media data
bsed-file-description Files with bsed file extension are commonly used by Baidu Player software for Windows.

bsf-file-extension
bsf-file-description AVC Blu-ray video format
bsf-file-description A bsf file extension is related to the AVC Blu-ray video format. A bsf file stores video data.

bsg-file-extension
bsg-file-description Besiege game data
bsg-file-description Files with bsg file extension are related to the Besiege video game and used for its game data.

bsh-file-extension
bsh-file-description Bash data
bsh-file-description Files with bsh file extension can mostly be found as scripts used by Bash Unix shell for Linux.

bsi-file-extension
bsi-file-description BSPlayer configuration
bsi-file-description A bsi file extension is associated with the BSPlayer and used for its configuration files.

bsig-file-extension
bsig-file-description Clam Antivirus binary signature
bsig-file-description A bsig file extension is related to the Clam Antivirus binary signature format.

bsk-file-extension
bsk-file-description Bryce sky data
bsk-file-description A bsk file extension is related to the Bryce, a modeling tool for Windows and Mac.

bsl-file-extension
bsl-file-description BS.Player configuration
bsl-file-description A bsl file extension is associated with the BS.Player, a multimedia playback program. A bsl file contains configuration data.

bsm-file-extension
bsm-file-description Bioshock map
bsm-file-description Files with bsm file extension can be found in Bioshock computer game as map data files.

bsml-file-extension
bsml-file-description Bioinformatic data
bsml-file-description Files with bsml file extension are data files with bioinformatics sequence data.

bsmx-file-extension
bsmx-file-description BeerSmith file
bsmx-file-description Files with bsmx suffix can be found as beer (drink) recipes from BeerSmith 2 home brewing software.

bsmz-file-extension
bsmz-file-description Compressed BSML file
bsmz-file-description Files with BSMZ extension can be found as gzipped BSML document archives.

bsn-file-extension
bsn-file-description Autodesk TR-55 detention basin storage data file
bsn-file-description Files with bsn extension are used by the AutoCAD Civil 3D software. They include data in binary format.

bso-file-extension
bso-file-description BSML overlay
bso-file-description Files with bso file extension might be found as so called BSML overlay files.

bson-file-extension
bson-file-description BSON binary JSON code
bson-file-description Files with bson extension are a binary variant of JavaScript object notation files (JSON). BSON is used to represent simple data structures and associative arrays in MongoDB database.

bsp-file-extension
bsp-file-description Quake 2 map
bsp-file-description Files with bsp file extension are frequently game data files. One of the type that uses bsp file extension is a map format from Quake 2 shooter.

bspec-file-extension
bspec-file-description SimCity 4 bridge length specs
bspec-file-description Files with bspec file extension are associated with the SimCity 4 video game for Windows and Mac.

bspr-file-extension
bspr-file-description Need for Speed SHIFT track map
bspr-file-description A bspr file extension is related to the Need for Speed SHIFT video game. A bspr file stores track map.

bsproj-file-extension
bsproj-file-description Banned Story project
bsproj-file-description Files with bsproj file extension are projects created in Banned Story program.

bsq-file-extension
bsq-file-description ArcView band sequential image
bsq-file-description Files with bsq file extension are generally related to AcrView GIS program. These files contain band sequential images. Probably some sort specialized GIS format.

bsr-file-extension
bsr-file-description Bacula restore data
bsr-file-description Files with bsr file extension can be found as backups from Bacula server administration software. Contains data for recovery purposes.

bss-file-extension
bss-file-description Bridge Base data
bss-file-description Files with bss extension can be mostly found as data files Bridge Base free on-line Bridge card game.

bst-file-extension
bst-file-description BiblioTex data
bst-file-description A bst file extension is related to the BiblioTex style document file format.

bsv-file-extension
bsv-file-description Bluespec System Verilog data
bsv-file-description A bsv file extension is related to the Bluespec System Verilog file format.

bsw-file-extension
bsw-file-description Business Scorecard Manager workspace
bsw-file-description A bsw file extension is related to the Business Scorecard Manager and used for its workspace files.

bswx-file-extension
bswx-file-description Microsoft Office PerformancePoint Server database
bswx-file-description A bswx file extension is related to the Microsoft Office PerformancePoint Server, a predecessor of Microsoft Office SharePoint.

bsx-file-extension
bsx-file-description PBASIC preprocessor output
bsx-file-description A bsx file extension is related to the PBASIC preprocessor output files.

bsy-file-extension
bsy-file-description VTrain learning cardfile
bsy-file-description A bsy file extension is related to the VTRain and used for its learning cardfile.

bsz-file-extension
bsz-file-description BS.Player compressed skin
bsz-file-description A bsz file extension is related to the BS.Player, a multimedia playback program. A bsz file contains skin.

bs_-file-extension
bs_-file-description Microsoft Bookshelf find menu shell extension
bs_-file-description Files with bs_ file extension are used by Microsoft Bookshelf utility.

bt-file-extension
bt-file-description VTBuilder terrain data file
bt-file-description Files with bt suffix can be most often encountered as special terrain data (elevation grids) files saved in a unique binary format from VTBuilder.

bt%21-file-extension
bt%21-file-description BitSpirit incomplete download
bt%21-file-description A bt! file extension is associated with the BitSpirit, a client for BitTorrent sharing network and used for its incomplete download files.

bt0-file-extension
bt0-file-description Band-in-a-Box temporary data
bt0-file-description Files with bt0 file extension can be found as temporary files generated by Band-in-a-Box program. Used to speed up loading of audio files.

bt1-file-extension
bt1-file-description Battery Analyzer test file
bt1-file-description Files with bt1 extension are used for West Mountain Radio CBA program. They include results of battery testing.

bt2-file-extension
bt2-file-description Batch Barcode Maker data
bt2-file-description Files with bt2 extension work with basic program Batch Barcode Maker.

bt3-file-extension
bt3-file-description Control Runner button configuration
bt3-file-description A bt3 file extension is related to the Control Runner and used for its button configuration.

bt5-file-extension
bt5-file-description ERP5 business template
bt5-file-description A bt5 file extension is related to the ERP5 business template file format.

bta-file-extension
bta-file-description Bend-Tech assembly
bta-file-description A bta file extension is related to the Bend-Tech assembly file format.

btab-file-extension
btab-file-description Base Guitar Tablature data
btab-file-description Files with btab file extension might be found as old Base Guitar Tablature files.

btapp-file-extension
btapp-file-description uTorrent application
btapp-file-description A btapp file extension is related to the uTorrent software and used for its application files written for embedded browser.

btax-file-extension
btax-file-description Bend-Tech assembly
btax-file-description A btax file extension is related to the Bend-Tech, a tube and pipe modeling program. A btax file stores assembly.

btb-file-extension
btb-file-description Warhammer: Dark Omen map
btb-file-description A btb file extension is related to the Warhammer: Dark Omen and used for its map files.

btc-file-extension
btc-file-description Becker Tools compressed archive
btc-file-description A btc file extension is related to the Becker Tools compressed archive file format. The Becker Tools were developed for MS-DOS operating system.

btd-file-extension
btd-file-description Business-in-a-Box document
btd-file-description Files with btd file extension can be most often found as documents prepared using the Business-in-a-Box business document writing software.

bte-file-extension
bte-file-description BTEWin script
bte-file-description A bte file extension is associated with the BTEWin program. A bte file contains script.

btf-file-extension
btf-file-description Baires Turf configuration
btf-file-description Files with btf file extension can also be found as configuration files for now discontinued Baires Turf software.

btg-file-extension
btg-file-description FlightGear scenery data
btg-file-description A btg file extension is related to the FlightGear, a flight simulator for various platforms. A btg file stores scenery data.

bth-file-extension
bth-file-description Bathy Recorder data
bth-file-description Files with bth file extension are data file used in Bathy Recorder program. This program is used for recording of sea floor topography.

bti-file-extension
bti-file-description Nintendo Wii texture
bti-file-description A bti file extension is related to the Nintendo Wii a video gaming console. A bti file stores texture.

btif-file-extension
btif-file-description Bank image TIFF data
btif-file-description A btif file extension is related to the Bank image TIFF data format.

btinstall-file-extension
btinstall-file-description BitTorrent installation data
btinstall-file-description A btinstall file extension is related to the BitTorrent client and used for its installation data.

btk-file-extension
btk-file-description CLwin Tekton database
btk-file-description Files with btk file extension might be mostly found as databases from CLwin or Tekton programs.

btkey-file-extension
btkey-file-description BitTorrent license key
btkey-file-description A btkey file extension is related to the BitTorrent, an uTorrent clients for Bittorrent peer-2-peer data sharing network. A btkey file contains license information.

btl-file-extension
btl-file-description INMOS bootable file
btl-file-description Files with btl extension are used for INMOS software.

btm-file-extension
btm-file-description 4DOS batch to memory batch
btm-file-description A btm file extension is related to 4DOS and NDOS command line shells. A btm file stores batch to memory batch data.

btn-file-extension
btn-file-description Just Buttons animated picture
btn-file-description Files with btn suffix can be most often found as animated graphics files saved in Just Buttons graphics editing tool.

bto-file-extension
bto-file-description Bryce tree file
bto-file-description The bto file extension is related to the Bryce a 3D modeling tool. The *.bto file stores 3D visualization of a tree.

btoa-file-extension
btoa-file-description Binary-to-ASCII file format
btoa-file-description A btoa file extension is related to the Binary-to-ASCII file format. Probably obsolete format.

btod-file-extension
btod-file-description Baidu data
btod-file-description A btod file extension is related to some apps developed by Baidu.

btp-file-extension
btp-file-description Atari NeoDesk batch takes parameters
btp-file-description A btp file extension is related to the Atari NeoDesk a desktop application for Atari ST, TT and Falcon computers.

btpc-file-extension
btpc-file-description BTPC encoded bitmap file
btpc-file-description Files with btpc extension are used by the BTPC general-purpose image coding scheme.

btpl-file-extension
btpl-file-description BluffTitler data
btpl-file-description A btpl file extension is related to the BluffTitler software for Microsoft Windows.

btproj-file-extension
btproj-file-description Microsoft BizTalk Server project
btproj-file-description A btproj file extension is related to the Microsoft BizTalk Server and used for its project files.

btq-file-extension
btq-file-description Teradata Database query script
btq-file-description A btq file extension is related to the Teradata Database and used for its query script files.

btr-file-extension
btr-file-description Microsoft FrontPage related data
btr-file-description Files with btr file extension was related to the Microsoft FrontPage web development tool.

btree-file-extension
btree-file-description Apple Mac OS HFS+ b-tree data
btree-file-description A btree file extension is associated with the Apple Mac OS HFS+ b-tree data format.

bts-file-extension
bts-file-description BitTorrent Sync unfinished download
bts-file-description Files with bts suffix can be typically found as temporary files of unfinished downloads or file synchronization initiated with BitTorrent Sync tool.

btsearch-file-extension
btsearch-file-description BitTorrent Search Engine Specification data
btsearch-file-description A btsearch file extension is related to the BitTorrent data sharing internet service. A btsearch file stores search engine specification.

btsk-file-extension
btsk-file-description HyperCard button task data
btsk-file-description A btsk file extension is related to the Hypercard a software for Mac. A btsk file contains button task data.

btskey-file-extension
btskey-file-description BitTorrent sync data
btskey-file-description A btskey file extension is related to the BitTorrent program and used for sync data.

btskin-file-extension
btskin-file-description µTorrent skin
btskin-file-description A btskin file extension is used for uTorrent, a Bittorrent network client. A btskin file stores skin.

btst-file-extension
btst-file-description Norton SystemWorks info file
btst-file-description Detailed description

btt-file-extension
btt-file-description ICQ find users data
btt-file-description A btt file extension is related to the ICQ, an instant messaging client. A btt file stores find users data.

btu-file-extension
btu-file-description Diablo BTU Calculator data
btu-file-description A btu file extension is related to the Diablo BTU Calculator.

btv-file-extension
btv-file-description AppleTalk desktop database
btv-file-description A btv file extension is related to AppleTalk, a network protocols used by older versions of Mac OS to version Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard.

btw-file-extension
btw-file-description BarTender barcode label
btw-file-description Files with btw extension are labels created with the use of BarTender, one of the best label design and printing software available on the market.

btwsendto-file-extension
btwsendto-file-description Microsoft Windows Bluetooth related data
btwsendto-file-description Files with btwsendto file extension are related to Bluetooth service in Windows. Some sort of data transport format.

btx-file-extension
btx-file-description BibTeX document
btx-file-description Files with btx file extension are in most cases documents written and saved in the BibTeX tool.

bty-file-extension
bty-file-description Railroad Tycoon 3 building data
bty-file-description A bty file extension is related to the Railroad Tycoon 3 computer game and used for its 3D models of buildings.

bu-file-extension
bu-file-description Pegasus Mail temporary data
bu-file-description Files with bu file extension can be often found as temporary data files from Pegasus Mail e-mail client and server software.

bub-file-extension
bub-file-description Photobubble data
bub-file-description Files with bub file extension are associated with Photobubbles software. A bub file stores some kind of data.

bubbleshootersavedgame-file-extension
bubbleshootersavedgame-file-description Bubble Shooter saved game
bubbleshootersavedgame-file-description A bubbleshootersavedgame file extension is related to the Bubble Shooter computer game.

buc-file-extension
buc-file-description Adobe Photoshop Elements backup
buc-file-description Files with buc file extension are related to the Adobe Photoshop Elements. A buc file contains backup created by Photoshop Elements.

bud-file-extension
bud-file-description Quicken backup disk file
bud-file-description Files with bud extension are used by Quicken program. They include backup data.

buf-file-extension
buf-file-description Buffer file
buf-file-description Files with buf suffix can be usually encountered as various temporary, so called buffer files.

bufferedimage-file-extension
bufferedimage-file-description Java class
bufferedimage-file-description A .bufferedimage file extension is related to the Java and used for its class files.

bufr-file-extension
bufr-file-description Binary Universal Form for the Representation
bufr-file-description Files with bufr extension are used by BUFR meteorogical data program as a data file.

bug-file-extension
bug-file-description Bugs and Problems report file
bug-file-description Files with bug extension are known as bug files which are generated when a program crashes. It is an error file format.

bugsense-file-extension
bugsense-file-description BugSense data
bugsense-file-description Files with bugsense file extension might be found in Android phones as files generated by the BugSense app.

build-file-extension
build-file-description NAnt Build Tool data
build-file-description A .build file extension is associated with the NAnt Build Tool and used for its source code files.

buildalot2savedgame-file-extension
buildalot2savedgame-file-description Build-a-lot 2 saved game
buildalot2savedgame-file-description A buildalot2savedgame file extension is associated with the Build-a-lot 2 video game. A buildalot2savedgame file contains saved game.

buildalot3savedgame-file-extension
buildalot3savedgame-file-description Build-a-lot 3 saved game
buildalot3savedgame-file-description Files with buildalot3savedgame extension can be found as saved game positions from Build-a-lot-3 computer game.

builder-file-extension
builder-file-description Builder script
builder-file-description Files with builder file extension are generally scripts or source codes. Used by many programs.

buildpath-file-extension
buildpath-file-description Eclipse XML build path data
buildpath-file-description A buildpath file extension is related to Eclipse, an integrated development environment. A .buildpath file stores build path.

buildsetting-file-extension
buildsetting-file-description Twixl Publisher settings
buildsetting-file-description A buildsetting file extension is related to the Twixl Publisher and used for its settings files.

buj-file-extension
buj-file-description Personal Backup saved task
buj-file-description A buj file extension is related to the Personal Backup, a backup solution for Windows. A buj file stores saved task.

buk-file-extension
buk-file-description MPlayer VOB backup
buk-file-description Files with buk file extension can be commonly found as DVD backups (from .vob files) made in Mplayer during compilation process.

bul-file-extension
bul-file-description JSim bullseye data format
bul-file-description A bul file extension is associated with the JSim bullseye data format.

bulk-file-extension
bulk-file-description BulkZip compressed archive
bulk-file-description Files with bulk file suffix are associated with the BulkZip compression program. A bulk file contains compressed archive.

bulk-001-file-extension
bulk-001-file-description Split multi-volume BulkZip compressed file archive (part 1)
bulk-001-file-description A bulk-001 file extension is used for the 1.part of multi volume Bulk archive. In order to extract the archive, you will need all its parts.

bulk-002-file-extension
bulk-002-file-description Split multi-volume BulkZip compressed file archive (part 2)
bulk-002-file-description A bulk-002 file extension is used for the 2.part of multi volume Bulk archive. In order to extract the archive, you will need all its parts.

bulk-003-file-extension
bulk-003-file-description Split multi-volume BulkZip compressed file archive (part 3)
bulk-003-file-description A bulk-003 file extension is used for the 3.part of multi volume Bulk archive. In order to extract the archive, you will need all its parts.

bulk-004-file-extension
bulk-004-file-description Split multi-volume BulkZip compressed file archive (part 4)
bulk-004-file-description A bulk-004 file extension is used for the 4.part of multi volume Bulk archive. In order to extract the archive, you will need all its parts.

bulk-005-file-extension
bulk-005-file-description Split multi-volume BulkZip compressed file archive (part 5)
bulk-005-file-description A bulk-005 file extension is used for the 5.part of multi volume Bulk archive. In order to extract the archive, you will need all its parts.

bum-file-extension
bum-file-description Poser bump files image format
bum-file-description Files with bum file extension might be found as images from Poser rendering software.

bumptheme-file-extension
bumptheme-file-description BumpTop theme
bumptheme-file-description Files with bumptheme file extension are old themes for BumpTop program. No longer available since it was acquired by Google in 2010.

bun-file-extension
bun-file-description Monkey Island 3 game archive
bun-file-description A bun file extension is related to Monkey Island 3 adventure computer game. These bun files store game data used within the game.

bundle-file-extension
bundle-file-description Mac application plug-in
bundle-file-description Files with bundle extension can be usually encountered as special plugins for Mac apps for OS X (macOS) operating system.

bundle-contents-file-extension
bundle-contents-file-description Unknown file extension
bundle-contents-file-description Files with bundle-contents file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

bundledmesh-file-extension
bundledmesh-file-description Battlefield 2 bundled mesh
bundledmesh-file-description A bundledmesh file extension is related to the Battlefield 2 computer game. A bundledmesh file stores bundled mesh.

bup-file-extension
bup-file-description Backup of DVD info
bup-file-description A bup file extension is used for files that contain backup of IFO files commonly used found on DVD video disks.

bur-file-extension
bur-file-description BuRg3r source code
bur-file-description A bur file extension is related to the BuRg3r, a programming engine and used for its source code files.

burn-file-extension
burn-file-description Burn for Mac project
burn-file-description A .burn file extension is associated with the Burn for Mac OS X. A .burn file contains project from this program.

burnoutparadisesave-file-extension
burnoutparadisesave-file-description Burnout: Paradise saved profile
burnoutparadisesave-file-description A burnoutparadisesave file extension is related to the Burnout: Paradise, a car racing video game. A burnoutparadisesave file contains saved profile.

burntheme-file-extension
burntheme-file-description Burn for Mac OS X theme document file
burntheme-file-description Detailed description

bus-file-extension
bus-file-description VirtualBus bus route settings file
bus-file-description Files with bus extension are used for VirtualBus computer game. They include saved route settings.

buy-file-extension
buy-file-description Movie
buy-file-description Files with buy file extension can be found as old video or movie files.

bv1-file-extension
bv1-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
bv1-file-description Files with bv1 extension are used for Corel WordPerfect.

bv2-file-extension
bv2-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
bv2-file-description Files with bv2 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in earlier versions as an overflow data file format.

bv3-file-extension
bv3-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
bv3-file-description Files with bv3 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in earlier versions as an overflow data file format.

bv4-file-extension
bv4-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
bv4-file-description Files with bv4 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in earlier versions as an overflow data file format.

bv5-file-extension
bv5-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
bv5-file-description Files with bv5 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in earlier versions as an overflow data file format.

bv6-file-extension
bv6-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
bv6-file-description Files with bv6 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in earlier versions as an overflow data file format.

bv7-file-extension
bv7-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
bv7-file-description Files with bv7 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in earlier versions as an overflow data file format.

bv8-file-extension
bv8-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow data
bv8-file-description A bv8 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its overflow data.

bv9-file-extension
bv9-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
bv9-file-description Files with bv9 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in earlier versions as an overflow data file format.

bva-file-extension
bva-file-description Biovision motion file
bva-file-description Files with bva extension were used by the Biovision company to provide their data.

bvc-file-extension
bvc-file-description BV6 QSL Management and Label Printing file
bvc-file-description Files with bvc extension are used by BV program. They include some resource data.

bvd-file-extension
bvd-file-description BitDefender vault container
bvd-file-description Files with bvd suffix can be typically found as vault containers generated by BitDefender antivirus software.

bvf-file-extension
bvf-file-description iRock digital voice recorder audio data
bvf-file-description A bvf file extension is related to the iRock digital voice recorder audio file format.

bvh-file-extension
bvh-file-description Biovision Hierarchy Animation Format
bvh-file-description Files with bvh file extension can be found as animations in Biovision Hierarchy file format.

bvi-file-extension
bvi-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
bvi-file-description A bvi file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type, a voice dictation program. A bvi file stores languages newuser data.

bvl-file-extension
bvl-file-description Micrografx Picture Publisher 8 textures file
bvl-file-description Files with bvl extension are associated with Micrografx Picture Publisher a discontinued program created by Micrografx.

bvn-file-extension
bvn-file-description Hundegger CNC machining format
bvn-file-description Files with bvn file extension are related to the Hundegger CNC machining format.

bvp-file-extension
bvp-file-description Bluevoda Website Builder data
bvp-file-description A bvp file extension is related to the Bluevoda Website Builder program. A bvp file contains data.

bvr-file-extension
bvr-file-description Blue Iris video
bvr-file-description Files with bvr file extension are videos recorded using Blue Iris security solutions.

bvs-file-extension
bvs-file-description BVS Solitaire Collection data
bvs-file-description Files with bvs file extension can be found as game data files from BVS Solitaire Collection.

bvw-file-extension
bvw-file-description SmartWare backup standard view data
bvw-file-description A bvw file extension is related to the SmartWare programming platform. A bvw file stores backup of standard view.

bvx-file-extension
bvx-file-description OptiTune install package
bvx-file-description Files with bvx file extension might be found as program installation packages used in OptiTune computer management software.

bvxd-file-extension
bvxd-file-description OptiTune manifest
bvxd-file-description Files with bvxd file extension might be found as manifest files from OptiTune PC management software.

bvy-file-extension
bvy-file-description Breevy text snippet
bvy-file-description Files with bvy file extension can be typically found as saved text snippets created and saved using Breevy.

bvz-file-extension
bvz-file-description BAMZOOKi video data
bvz-file-description A bvz file extension is related to the BAMZOOki and used for its video data files.

bw-file-extension
bw-file-description Silicon Graphics image file
bw-file-description A bw file extension is related to the Silicon Graphics bitmap picture image format.

bw1-file-extension
bw1-file-description FMEA database file
bw1-file-description Files with bw1 extension are associated with Byteworx FMEA program. They include database data.

bwa-file-extension
bwa-file-description BlindWrite BWA Builder physical CD characteristics data
bwa-file-description A bwa file extension is related to the BlindWrite, a software used to backup CD, DVD, Blu-ray media. A bwa file stores physical characteristics of CD media.

bwb-file-extension
bwb-file-description Visual Baler spreadsheet
bwb-file-description Files with bwb file extension can be found as spreadsheets from Visual Baler program.

bwc-file-extension
bwc-file-description BeadWizard color palette
bwc-file-description A bwc file extension is related to the BeadWizard color palette format.

bwd-file-extension
bwd-file-description BanglaWord document
bwd-file-description Files with bwd extension can be mainly found as special Bengali documents created using the BanglaWord word processing program.

bwe-file-extension
bwe-file-description Black and White 2 environment data
bwe-file-description A bwe file extension is related to the Black and White 2 video game. A bwe file stores environment data.

bwf-file-extension
bwf-file-description Broadcast wave file format
bwf-file-description A bwf file extension is related to the Broadcast Wave Format and used for its audio files.

bwg-file-extension
bwg-file-description BrainWave Generator data
bwg-file-description A bwg file extension is related to the BrainWave Generator, a software used to generate binaural beats.

bwi-file-extension
bwi-file-description BlindWrite CD/DVD image
bwi-file-description A bwi file extension is related to the BlindWrite, a CD/DVD media backup and burning software. A bwi file contains CD/DVD backup image.

bwm-file-extension
bwm-file-description Blaise data
bwm-file-description A bwm file extension is related to the Blaise and used for its data files.

bwp-file-extension
bwp-file-description Painkiller Overdose game data
bwp-file-description A bwp file extension is related to the Painkiller Overdose, a 3D video game. A bwp file contains various game data.

bwpr-file-extension
bwpr-file-description PlainHTML project
bwpr-file-description A bwpr file extension is related to the PlainHTML project files.

bws-file-extension
bws-file-description BlindWrite subchannel data file
bws-file-description Files with bws suffix are quite often subchannel data files for disc images created using the Blindwrite program.

bwt-file-extension
bwt-file-description Blindwrite control data
bwt-file-description A bwt file extension is associated with the Blindwrite, a CD/DVD/Blu-ray ripping software for Microsoft Windows. A bwt file stores control data.

bwu-file-extension
bwu-file-description Blindwrite CD copier data
bwu-file-description A bwu file extension is related to the Blindwrite, a burning and disk ripping tool. A bwu file contains some kind of data.

bwv-file-extension
bwv-file-description Business Wave data
bwv-file-description Files with bwv file extension might be found as part of Business Wave program.

bww-file-extension
bww-file-description Blaise data
bww-file-description Files with bww extension are used for Blaise, they are used for a variety of research studies.

bwx-file-extension
bwx-file-description HP BridgeWorks data
bwx-file-description Files with bwx file extension are associated with the HP BridgeWorks data format.

bwz-file-extension
bwz-file-description WinImage batch configuration
bwz-file-description A bwz file extension is related to the WinImage, a disk imaging software. A bwz file contains batch configuration.

bx-file-extension
bx-file-description Opera browser data
bx-file-description A bx file extension is related to Opera web browser. A bx file contains various data for internal purposes.

bxa-file-extension
bxa-file-description LogiBlox signal aliasing information
bxa-file-description Files with bxa file extension might be found as part of Xiling LogBox software.

bxb-file-extension
bxb-file-description BasicX compiled project bytecode
bxb-file-description a bxb file extension is related to the BasicX compiled project bytecode files.

bxd-file-extension
bxd-file-description Broken Cross Disk Manager database
bxd-file-description Files with bxd file extension can be found as database files from Broken Cross Disk Manager by Kevin Fucik.

bxf-file-extension
bxf-file-description Breeder eXchange Format
bxf-file-description Files with bxf suffix may be found as very old files from a program for dog breeders called Man's Best Friend Software.

bxi-file-extension
bxi-file-description Blaise data
bxi-file-description A bxi file extension is related to the Blaise, a CAI system for Microsoft Windows.

bxl-file-extension
bxl-file-description Turbo-Basic XL data
bxl-file-description Files with bxl file extension are related to Turbo-Basic XL programming language.

bxm-file-extension
bxm-file-description BasicX-24 basic express compiler map
bxm-file-description A bxm file extension is related to the BasicX Programming Environment and used for its BasicX-24 basic express compiler maps.

bxml-file-extension
bxml-file-description Bean XML file
bxml-file-description Files with bxml suffix are typically encountered as user interface source files written in Bean XML language. Used for Pivot applications.

bxp-file-extension
bxp-file-description BasicX-24 basic express compiler module list
bxp-file-description A bxp file extension is related to the BasicX Programming Environment. A bxp file stores basic express compiler module list.

bxrc-file-extension
bxrc-file-description Bochs configuration
bxrc-file-description Files with bxrc file extension are configuration files for Bochs PC emulation software.

bxt-file-extension
bxt-file-description ETH2DALI firmware
bxt-file-description A bxt file extension is related to the ETH2DALI firmware file format.

bxu-file-extension
bxu-file-description PictureGear Studio data
bxu-file-description Files with bxu file extension might be found as part of PictureGear Studio program.

bxx-file-extension
bxx-file-description Bank of America loan docs
bxx-file-description A bxx file extension is related to the Bank of America loan document format.

bxy-file-extension
bxy-file-description NuFX archive within a Binary II envelope
bxy-file-description A bxy file extension is related to the NuFX archive within a Binary II envelope format.

bxz-file-extension
bxz-file-description itaup.bxz malware data
bxz-file-description A bxz file extension is related to the itaup.bxz malware data.

by-file-extension
by-file-description PSpice data
by-file-description A by file extension is related to the PSpice and used for its data files.

byo-file-extension
byo-file-description Bayo CartoExploreur cartographic map
byo-file-description Files with byo file extension can be found as maps from Bayo CartoExploreur navigation solutions.

byp-file-extension
byp-file-description ByP data
byp-file-description A byp file extension is related to the ByP and used for its data files. No further information could be found.

bytes-file-extension
bytes-file-description Unity binary text asset data file
bytes-file-description Files with bytes extension can be typically encountered as data files in the Unity binary text asset data file format.

byu-file-extension
byu-file-description Movie.BYU geometry data
byu-file-description A byu file extension is associated with the Movie.BYU geometry data format.

bz-file-extension
bz-file-description BZIP compressed file archive
bz-file-description Files with bz file extension can be sometimes found as renamed BZIP archives on Unix systems. Same format, just different extension.

bz1-file-extension
bz1-file-description WinTOTAL automatic backup
bz1-file-description Files with bz1 file extension can be found as automatic backups from WinTOTAL program.

bz2-file-extension
bz2-file-description bzip2 compressed file archive
bz2-file-description A bz2 file extension is related to the cross platform bzip2 compressed file archive format, released in 1996.

bza-file-extension
bza-file-description bzip2 compressed file archive
bza-file-description Files with bza file extension are in most cases simply renamed BZ2 archives.

bzabw-file-extension
bzabw-file-description AbiWord Bzip2 compressed document file
bzabw-file-description Files with bzabw extension can be found as compressed version of document created using AbiWord word processor.

bzf-file-extension
bzf-file-description Game data
bzf-file-description Files with bzf file extension might be found as data files from some very old computer games.

bzi-file-extension
bzi-file-description Darik's Boot And Nuke kernel data file
bzi-file-description Files with bzi extension can be mostly found as system kernel files with Darik's Boot And Nuke.

bzip-file-extension
bzip-file-description BZIP compressed archive
bzip-file-description Files with bzip file extension are compressed archives most likely found on Unix/Linux platform. Can be extracted with any BZIP compatible file archiver.

bzip2-file-extension
bzip2-file-description BZIP compressed archive
bzip2-file-description Files with bzip2 file extension are compressed archives most likely found on Unix/Linux platform. Can be extracted with any BZIP compatible file archiver.

bzm-file-extension
bzm-file-description Business Map data
bzm-file-description Files with bzm file extension are maps used by ESRI BusinessMap database mapping software.

bzn-file-extension
bzn-file-description Star Trek: Armada map
bzn-file-description A bzn file extension is related to the Star Trek: Armada and used for its map files.

bzp2-file-extension
bzp2-file-description BZIP2 archive
bzp2-file-description Files with BZP2 file extension are most likely compressed archives made and saved using the BZIP2 utility.

bzplug-file-extension
bzplug-file-description Corel AfterShot Pro plugin
bzplug-file-description A bzplug file extension is related to the Corel AfterShot Pro, a photo editing program for Windows. A bzplug file contains plugin.

bzr-file-extension
bzr-file-description Binary font
bzr-file-description A bzr file extension is related to the binary font format.

bzs-file-extension
bzs-file-description BlueZone script
bzs-file-description Files with bzs suffix are in most cases scripts for BlueZone terminal emulation software by Rocket.

bzt-file-extension
bzt-file-description Rocket Tab data
bzt-file-description A bzt file extension is related to the Rocket Tab, an adware from Rocket Software.

bzw-file-extension
bzw-file-description BZFlag map
bzw-file-description Files with bzw file suffix are related to the BZFlag video game. A bzw file contains map.

bzz-file-extension
bzz-file-description BuzzBundle project
bzz-file-description A bzz file extension is associated with the BuzzBundle, a social media marketing tool and used for its project files.

b%7Ek-file-extension
b%7Ek-file-description Microsoft Windows 3.x data
b%7Ek-file-description A b~k file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 3.x. an operating environment for MS-DOS. A b~k file contains data.

c00-file-extension
c00-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive

c01-file-extension
c01-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive

c02-file-extension
c02-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c02-file-description Files with c02 file extension can be found as one part of large ACE compressed archive.

c03-file-extension
c03-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c03-file-description Files with c03 extension might be found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c4d-file-extension
c4d-file-description CINEMA 4D file format

cab-file-extension
cab-file-description Windows Cabinet Compressed Archive

cache-file-extension
cache-file-description Generally cache
cache-file-description Files with cache extension are used to store temporary data that can be fast accessed by certain program or software.

cbr-file-extension
cbr-file-description Comic Book Archive file or ComicBook Reader e-book
cbr-file-description Files with cbr file extension is used for a popular comic e-book format. CBR is basically a rar file that contains several images (usually JPGs) that can opened in comic books viewer as a sequence of screens.

cbz-file-extension
cbz-file-description Comic Book Archive file or ComicBook Reader e-book

ccc-file-extension
ccc-file-description TeslaCrypt or Cryptowall encrypted data

ccd-file-extension
ccd-file-description CloneCD disk image

cda-file-extension
cda-file-description CD Audio track

cdr-file-extension
cdr-file-description CorelDRAW vector or bitmap graphics

cdt-file-extension
cdt-file-description CorelDRAW template

cerber-file-extension
cerber-file-description Cerber ransomware affected data
cerber-file-description Files with cerber extension may be usually found as files encrypted by the Cerber ransomware.

cerber2-file-extension
cerber2-file-description Cerber 2 ransomware affected file
cerber2-file-description Files with cerber2 suffix may be found as encrypted files of all kinds that were affected by the Cerber2 ransomware.

cfg-file-extension
cfg-file-description Configuration files

chm-file-extension
chm-file-description Microsoft compiled HTML help module

class-file-extension
class-file-description Java bytecode class

cnf-file-extension
cnf-file-description Network configuration data

cnt-file-extension
cnt-file-description Help Contents data

com-file-extension
com-file-description Command executable
com-file-description Files with com extension can be generally found as command files. It is a type of program executable file format associated with the MS-DOS operating system.

config-file-extension
config-file-description Configuration data
config-file-description Files with config file extension can be generally found as various configuration files from many programs.

contact-file-extension
contact-file-description Microsoft Windows contact data
contact-file-description Files with contact extension are saved contacts used in Window's default contact manager program.

cpl-file-extension
cpl-file-description Microsoft Windows Control Panel data

cpt-file-extension
cpt-file-description Corel PHOTO-PAINT bitmap image

cr2-file-extension
cr2-file-description Canon digital camera RAW image format version 2.0

crdownload-file-extension
crdownload-file-description Google Chrome incomplete download
crdownload-file-description Files with crdownload file extension are partially downloaded files that are either still being downloaded by Chrome web browser or were not completed at all. Once the download is finished, the extension of these files is restored back to the original.

crw-file-extension
crw-file-description Canon digital camera RAW image format

crx-file-extension
crx-file-description Google Chrome extension installer file format
crx-file-description Files with crx extension can be typically encountered as plugins/add-ons called extensions for Google Chrome based web browsers.

crypt-file-extension
crypt-file-description WhatsApp encrypted backup (original)

crypt12-file-extension
crypt12-file-description WhatsApp Messenger message database
crypt12-file-description Files with crypt12 extension can be found as encrypted chat history databases from latest version of WhatsApp Messenger instant messaging client for Android.

cryptolocker-file-extension
cryptolocker-file-description CryptoLocker encrypted file
cryptolocker-file-description Files with cryptolocker suffix are generally encrypted files with their extension renamed by CryptoLocker ransomware.

cryptowall-file-extension
cryptowall-file-description Encrypted file by Cryptowall ransomware
cryptowall-file-description A cryptowall file is encrypted by the ransom ware. You cannot simply open it, and without the encryption key it is not really possible.

csh-file-extension
csh-file-description Adobe Photoshop custom shape

csl-file-extension
csl-file-description CorelDRAW symbol library

cso-file-extension
cso-file-description CISO compressed ISO image

css-file-extension
css-file-description Cascading Style Sheets

csv-file-extension
csv-file-description Comma Separated Value file

cue-file-extension
cue-file-description Cue sheet description

c-file-extension
c-file-description C/C++ main source code
c-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe C file extension!

c%23-file-extension
c%23-file-description Microsoft Visual C# data
c%23-file-description Files with c# extension are related to the Microsoft Visual C# programming language and used for its source code files.

c%2B%2B-file-extension
c%2B%2B-file-description C++ source code
c%2B%2B-file-description A c++ file extension is related to the C++ programming language and used for its source code files.

c---file-extension
c---file-description Sphinx C-- language source code
c---file-description A c-- file extension is associated with the Sphinx C-- language source code format.

c-map-file-extension
c-map-file-description C-map data
c-map-file-description Files with c-map file extension are sea charts. C-map is the standard format for nautical charts.

c000-file-extension
c000-file-description Genie Backup Manager compressed split backup
c000-file-description Files with c000 file suffix are related to the first part of Genie Backup Manager compressed split backup.

c04-file-extension
c04-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c04-file-description Files with c04 file extension can be found as one part of large split ACE compressed archive.

c05-file-extension
c05-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c05-file-description Files with c05 extension are mostly archives created and split using the WinACE compression software. A c05 is the second part of a multi-volume ACE archive. You will need all the parts in order to decompress them.

c06-file-extension
c06-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c06-file-description Files with c06 file extension might be found as one part of large, split, compressed ACE archive.

c07-file-extension
c07-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c07-file-description Files with c07 file extension are one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c08-file-extension
c08-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c08-file-description Files with c08 file extension might be found as one part of large, split, multi-volumed ACE compressed archive.

c09-file-extension
c09-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c09-file-description Files with c09 file extension might be found as one part of large, split, multi-volume ACE compressed archive.

c0r-file-extension
c0r-file-description JAF Nokia BB5 firmware flash
c0r-file-description A c0r file extension is related to the JAF (Just Another Flasher). A c0r file contains Nokia BB5 firmware flash.

c1-file-extension
c1-file-description Pov-Ray for Windows 3.x scenes advanced newltpot file
c1-file-description Files with c1 extension are used for Pov-ray application. It contains a lot of graphics, animations etc.

c10-file-extension
c10-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c10-file-description Files with c10 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c11-file-extension
c11-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks user defined pollutant detail data
c11-file-description A c11 file extension is related to the CARE-S InfoWorks user defined pollutant detail data format.

c13-file-extension
c13-file-description Charlie Packer archive
c13-file-description Files with c13 file extension are associated with the Charlie Packer, a compression tool. A c13 file contains archive with audio data.

c16-file-extension
c16-file-description C16 Creatures 3/Docking Station image
c16-file-description The c16 file extension is related to the C16 Creatures 3/Docking Station image format.

c18-file-extension
c18-file-description Dassault Systemes Catia V4 sequential file
c18-file-description Files with c18 extension are used by CATIA program. They store some sequential data.

c1dx-file-extension
c1dx-file-description C1Report C1D Open XML document
c1dx-file-description A c1dx file extension is associated with the C1Report C1D Open XML document.

c1p-file-extension
c1p-file-description Capture One preview data
c1p-file-description Files with c1p file extension is related to the Capture One preview data format.

c1s-file-extension
c1s-file-description Capture One photo cache
c1s-file-description Files with c1s file extension can be found as cached data from Capture One program.

c1w-file-extension
c1w-file-description Capture One work data
c1w-file-description Files with c1w file extension are associated with Capture One, a digital photo editing program for Windows.

c2-file-extension
c2-file-description Pov-Ray for Windows 3.x scenes advanced newltpot data
c2-file-description A c2 file extension is related to the Pov-Ray for Windows 3.x and used for its scenes advanced newltpot files.

c21-file-extension
c21-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks defined pollutant detail file
c21-file-description Files with c21 extension are used by CARE-S software. They include user defined pollutant data.

c24-file-extension
c24-file-description Drive Image ace image
c24-file-description A c24 file extension is related ot the Drive Image from PowerQuest. A c24 file contains ace image.

c2c-file-extension
c2c-file-description CopyToDVD project file
c2c-file-description Files with c2c extension are related to CopyToDVD software. They contain media data.

c2d-file-extension
c2d-file-description WinOnCD image file
c2d-file-description Files with c2d suffix can be typically encountered as disk images in WinOnCD image file format.

c2e-file-extension
c2e-file-description Chinese dictionary index file
c2e-file-description Files with c2e extension are used by the NJStar Chinese Word Processor. They include indexed data for Chinese dictionary in the program.

c2k-file-extension
c2k-file-description Microsoft Project holidays data
c2k-file-description A c2k file extension is related to the Microsoft Project program. A c2k file contains holidays data.

c2l-file-extension
c2l-file-description Cequadrat WinOnCD data
c2l-file-description A c2l file extension is related to the Cequadrat WinOnCD, a CD authoring and burning program. A c2l file contains data.

c2r-file-extension
c2r-file-description Microsoft Windows Media Center click-to-record data
c2r-file-description A c2r file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Media Center click-to-record file format.

c2s-file-extension
c2s-file-description Click2Stitch embroidery data
c2s-file-description A c2s file extension is related to the Click2Stitch and used for its embroidery files.

c2u-file-extension
c2u-file-description Texas Instruments CBL 2 data
c2u-file-description A c2u file extension is related to the Texas Instruments programmable calculators. A c2u file stores data for CBL 2 system.

c2v-file-extension
c2v-file-description WellSight Systems license information file
c2v-file-description Files with c2v extension can be found as license files from programs/devices developed by WellSight System.

c2w-file-extension
c2w-file-description WaterCAD data
c2w-file-description A c2w file extension is associated with the WaterCAD program and used for its data files.

c2x-file-extension
c2x-file-description WinOnCD data
c2x-file-description A c2x file extension is related to the WinOnCD, optical disk authoring software from Roxio.

c3-file-extension
c3-file-description Pov-Ray for Windows 3.1 scenes advanced newltpot
c3-file-description A c3 file extension is related to the Pov-Ray for Windows 3.1 and used for its scenes advanced newltpot.

c32-file-extension
c32-file-description Split multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c32-file-description Files with c32 extension are in most cases pieces of a split ACE archive made using WinACE compression utilities.

c39-file-extension
c39-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c39-file-description Files with c39 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c3d-file-extension
c3d-file-description 3D biomechanics data standard
c3d-file-description Files with c3d file extension can be most often found as specialized biomechanics and animations 3D files used for character and animal animations.

c3d1-file-extension
c3d1-file-description Chem3D Cartesian 1 chemical modeller
c3d1-file-description A c3d1 file extension is related to the Chem3D Cartesian 1 chemical modeler file format.

c3d2-file-extension
c3d2-file-description Chem3D Cartesian 2 chemical modeller file
c3d2-file-description Detailed description

c3e-file-extension
c3e-file-description CYPE related data
c3e-file-description A c3e file extension is related to applications developed by CYPE.

c3l-file-extension
c3l-file-description CommView license
c3l-file-description A c3l file extension is associated with the CommView software. A c3l file stores license data.

c3p-file-extension
c3p-file-description XPanel project
c3p-file-description Files with c3p extension can be typically encountered as projects saved in the XPanel GUI development tool.

c3t-file-extension
c3t-file-description Chemical template
c3t-file-description A c3t file extension is related to the Chem3D and used for its chemical template files.

c3xml-file-extension
c3xml-file-description Chem3D XML format
c3xml-file-description A c3xml file extension is related to the Chem3D, a desktop modeling program used to generate 3D models of small molecules.

c3z-file-extension
c3z-file-description OpenQwaq avatar
c3z-file-description A c3z file extension is related to the OpenQwaq a collaboration software. A c3z file stores avatar.

c4-file-extension
c4-file-description JEDMICS bitmap picture
c4-file-description Files with c4 file extension can be mostly found as bitmap images in special JEDMICS format.

c40-file-extension
c40-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c40-file-description Files with c40 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c41-file-extension
c41-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c41-file-description Files with c41 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c42-file-extension
c42-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c42-file-description Files with c42 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c43-file-extension
c43-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c43-file-description Files with c43 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c44-file-extension
c44-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c44-file-description Files with c44 extension might be found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c45-file-extension
c45-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c45-file-description Files with c45 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c46-file-extension
c46-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c46-file-description Files with c46 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c47-file-extension
c47-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c47-file-description Files with c47 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c48-file-extension
c48-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c48-file-description Files with c48 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c49-file-extension
c49-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c49-file-description Files with c49 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c4b-file-extension
c4b-file-description Clonk data
c4b-file-description A c4b file extension is related to the Clonk computer game. A c4b file contains game data.

c4dupdate-file-extension
c4dupdate-file-description Cinema 4D update data
c4dupdate-file-description Files with c4dupdate file extension can be found as update files for Cinema 4D programby MAXON.

c4f-file-extension
c4f-file-description Clonk game round data
c4f-file-description Files with the c4f file extension can be found as game round data files from the Clonk game.

c4g-file-extension
c4g-file-description Clonk game system data
c4g-file-description Files with the c4g file extension can also be found as game scenario files for the Clonk game.

c4i-file-extension
c4i-file-description Clonk object
c4i-file-description Files with c4i file extension is related to Clonk computer game series.

c4k-file-extension
c4k-file-description RedWolf Clonk key
c4k-file-description A c4k file extension is related to the Clonk computer game developed by RedWolf. A c4k file stores license key.

c4l-file-extension
c4l-file-description Clonk data
c4l-file-description A c4l file extension is related to the Clonk computer game. A c4l file stores game data.

c4m-file-extension
c4m-file-description Clonk game data
c4m-file-description A c4m file extension is related to the Clonk computer game and used for its game data.

c4p-file-extension
c4p-file-description Clonk game player data
c4p-file-description Files with the c4p file extension can be mostly found as player data files for the Clonk game.

c4s-file-extension
c4s-file-description Clonk game scenario
c4s-file-description Files with the c4s file extension can be found as game scenario files from the Clonk game.

c4u-file-extension
c4u-file-description OpenClonk update system data
c4u-file-description Files with c4u file extension can be found as update files for OpenClonk computer game.

c4v-file-extension
c4v-file-description Clonk video data
c4v-file-description Files with the c4v file extension can be found as video files from the Clonk game.

c50-file-extension
c50-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c50-file-description Files with c50 extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c51-file-extension
c51-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c51-file-description Files with c51 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c52-file-extension
c52-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c52-file-description Files with c52 extension might be found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c53-file-extension
c53-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c53-file-description Files with c53 extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c54-file-extension
c54-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c54-file-description Files with c54 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c55-file-extension
c55-file-description Split Multi-volume ACE compressed file archive
c55-file-description Files with c55 file extension might be mostly found as one part of large split compressed ACE archive.

c6-file-extension
c6-file-description Organic 2D/3D drafting & 3D modelling data
c6-file-description Files with c6 file extension are kindred to Ashlar-Vellum. A c6 file stores modeling data.

c64-file-extension
c64-file-description Commodore 64 ROM image
c64-file-description Files with c64 file extension might be found as Commodore 64 ROM images for emulation programs.

c85-file-extension
c85-file-description RISC OS JPEG bitmap image file
c85-file-description Files with c85 extension are used by the RISC OS operating system for ARM chip sets.

c86-file-extension
c86-file-description Computer Innovation C86 C language source code
c86-file-description A c86 file extension is related to the C86 Compiler and used for its source code files.

c8k-file-extension
c8k-file-description Chip-8 keyboard data
c8k-file-description The c8k file extension is related to the Chip-8 programming language.

ca-file-extension
ca-file-description Telnet Server initial cache data
ca-file-description Files with ca extension are in most cases cache files from Telnet Server network protocol which is used on the Internet or local area network (LAN) connections.

ca0-file-extension
ca0-file-description Borland Installer packed and split archive
ca0-file-description A ca0 file extension is related to the Borland Installer and used for its packed and split files.

ca1-file-extension
ca1-file-description Delphi install disk
ca1-file-description Files with ca1 file extension are related to the Delphi programming and development tool. A ca1 file stores installation disk.

ca2-file-extension
ca2-file-description Delphi Install Disk12 data
ca2-file-description A ca2 file extension is related to the Delphi Install Disk12 data.

ca3-file-extension
ca3-file-description Casio WK-1800 Keyboard audio data
ca3-file-description Files with ca3 file extension can be found as audio files created using Casio WK-1800 Keyboard.

ca4-file-extension
ca4-file-description Delphi installation data
ca4-file-description The ca4 file extension is related to the Delphi and used for its installation data files.

ca5-file-extension
ca5-file-description Delphi installation data
ca5-file-description A ca5 file extension is related to the Delphi and used for its installation files.

ca7-file-extension
ca7-file-description STABCAL data
ca7-file-description A ca7 file extension is associated with the STABCAL (stability calculation for aqueous systems).

caa-file-extension
caa-file-description CleanApp archive
caa-file-description A caa file extension is related to the CleanApp, a tool for OS X (macOS) operating system. A caa file stores archive.

cabal-file-extension
cabal-file-description Haskell Cabal data
cabal-file-description A cabal file extension is related to the Haskell Cabal and used for its data files.

cac-file-extension
cac-file-description dBASE IV executable data
cac-file-description Files with cac file suffix are related to the dBASE IV, a database management system. A cac file contains executable data.

caccrt-file-extension
caccrt-file-description Cacao Cartesian chemical modeller data
caccrt-file-description A .caccrt file extension is related to the Cacao Cartesian chemical modeler file format.

cache-1-file-extension
cache-1-file-description Perl font cache
cache-1-file-description Files with cache-1 file extension might be found as font caches generated by some Perl programs.

cache-2-file-extension
cache-2-file-description VLC media player font cache
cache-2-file-description A cache-2 file extension is related to the VLC media player. A cache-2 file contains font cache.

cache-3-file-extension
cache-3-file-description VLC media player font cache
cache-3-file-description Files with cache-3 file extension might be found as cache files from VLC media player. Generated when the font cache is rebuild.

cache2-file-extension
cache2-file-description Pro/Engineer data
cache2-file-description Files with cache2 file extension can be found as temporary files from Pro/Engineer program.

cachedmsg-file-extension
cachedmsg-file-description Valve Steam cache
cachedmsg-file-description Files with cachedmsg file extension are associated with the Valve Steam software for Mac, Windows and Linux.

cachedump-file-extension
cachedump-file-description Microsoft Windows system data
cachedump-file-description A cachedump file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows operating system.

cached_icon-file-extension
cached_icon-file-description HERE Maps for Android icon cache
cached_icon-file-description A cached_icon file extension is related to the HERE Maps for Android operating system.

caction-file-extension
caction-file-description Apple Mac OS X Automator conversion action data
caction-file-description A caction file extension is related to the Automator scripting tool. A caction file stores conversion action script.

cad-file-extension
cad-file-description CAD drawing
cad-file-description Files with cad extension can mostly be found as 3D CAD drawings in various formats. Older formats that were typically replaced by newer ones with unique extension, like DWG.

cadc-file-extension
cadc-file-description Corpatla Baudadministration data
cadc-file-description A cadc file extension is related to the Baudadministration developed by Corpatla GmbH. A cadc file stores data.

cadoc-file-extension
cadoc-file-description Clicker app document
cadoc-file-description Files with cadoc file extension are associated with the Clicker and used for its app documents.

cadpac-file-extension
cadpac-file-description Cambridge CADPAC chemical modeller input file
cadpac-file-description The *.cadpac file extension is related to the Cambridge CADPAC chemical modeler input file format.

cadrg-file-extension
cadrg-file-description Compressed ARC Raster Graphic file
cadrg-file-description Files with cadrg extension are associated with a compressed version of ARC Digitized Raster Graphics.

cae-file-extension
cae-file-description Abaqus CAE model
cae-file-description Files with cae extension can be mainly found as 3D CAE models from Abaqus software.

cae02-file-extension
cae02-file-description Adobe Acrobat Reader data
cae02-file-description A cae02 file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat Reader for Windows and Mac. A cae02 file stores some kind of data.

caf-file-extension
caf-file-description Apple Core Audio Format
caf-file-description A caf file extension is related to the Apple Core Audio Format for storing and manipulating digital audio data used by Apple QuickTime framework.

caff-file-extension
caff-file-description Apple Core Audio Format
caff-file-description A caff file extension is related to the Apple Core Audio Format used by Apple QuickTime.

cag-file-extension
cag-file-description Microsoft Clip Gallery catalog
cag-file-description A cag file extension is related to the Microsoft Clip Gallery. A cag file stores catalog with clip arts.

cah-file-extension
cah-file-description Ulead Photo Explorer thumbnail cache
cah-file-description A cah file extension is related to the Ulead Photo Explorer and used for its thumbnail cache format.

cai-file-extension
cai-file-description SeeYou flight data
cai-file-description A cai file extension is related to the SeeYou program. A cai file stores flight data.

caj-file-extension
caj-file-description China Academic Journals full-text database
caj-file-description A caj file extension is associated with the China Academic Journals full-text database format.

cak-file-extension
cak-file-description FILM/CPK file format
cak-file-description Files with cak extension are associated with FILM/CPK format.

cakemaniasavedgame-file-extension
cakemaniasavedgame-file-description Cake Mania saved game
cakemaniasavedgame-file-description The cakemaniasavedgame file extension is related to the Cake Mania saved game files.

cakewalkstudioware-file-extension
cakewalkstudioware-file-description Cakewalk Studioware data
cakewalkstudioware-file-description A .cakewalkstudioware file extension is related to the Cakewalk Studioware tools.

cakewalkwindowlayout-file-extension
cakewalkwindowlayout-file-description Cakewalk window layout
cakewalkwindowlayout-file-description Files with cakewalkwindowlayout file extension might be found as one of the setting files in Cakewalk programs, such as Music Creator.

cal-file-extension
cal-file-description CALS Raster image
cal-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe CAL file extension!

calb-file-extension
calb-file-description Coolect album file
calb-file-description The calb file extension is related to the Coolect a multimedia management software. The *.calb file stores album.

calca-file-extension
calca-file-description Calca document
calca-file-description A calca file extension is related to the Calca and used for its document files.

calendarlocks-file-extension
calendarlocks-file-description Apple Calendar file
calendarlocks-file-description A calendarlocks file extension is related to the Apple Calendar application from Mac OS X operating system.

calib-file-extension
calib-file-description Chief Architect library
calib-file-description A calib file extension is related to the Chief Architect modeling tool. A calib file contains library.

calibre-file-extension
calibre-file-description Calibre device data
calibre-file-description A calibre file extension is related to the Calibre, an e-book library management software. A .calibre file stores device data.

calibz-file-extension
calibz-file-description Chief Architect symbol file
calibz-file-description Files with calibz suffix are symbol libraries for Chief Architect program. Graphics elements that can be used the projects made in the program.

caliperskin-file-extension
caliperskin-file-description Screen Calipers skin
caliperskin-file-description Files with caliperskin file extension are related to the Screen Calipers skin format.

cals-file-extension
cals-file-description CALS Raster Group 1 image format
cals-file-description A cals file extension si related to the CALS Raster Group 1 image format.

calx-file-extension
calx-file-description Calendar Printing Assistant template
calx-file-description Files with calx file extension are templates for Calendar Printing Assistant for Outlook 2007 program.

cam-file-extension
cam-file-description Casio QV digital CAMera image
cam-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe CAM file extension!

cam-ft-file-extension
cam-ft-file-description CircuitCAM footpring data
cam-ft-file-description A cam-ft file extension is related to the CircuitCAM and used for its footprint files.

cam-gmc-file-extension
cam-gmc-file-description CircuitCAM version 6.2 GMC library data
cam-gmc-file-description A cam-gmc file extension is related to the CircuitCAM version 6.2 GMC library files.

cam-pkg-file-extension
cam-pkg-file-description CircuitCAM design package
cam-pkg-file-description A cam-pkg file extension is related to the CircuitCAM design package file format.

cam360-file-extension
cam360-file-description Autodesk Fusion 360 CAM data
cam360-file-description A cam360 file extension is related to the Autodesk Fusion 360 program. A cam360 file stores CAM data.

camelsounds-file-extension
camelsounds-file-description Camel Audio Alchemy sound library
camelsounds-file-description A camelsounds file extension is related to the Camel Audio Alchemy.

camerror-file-extension
camerror-file-description Camtasia Studio error log
camerror-file-description A camerror file extension is associated with the Camtasia Studio error log files.

caml-file-extension
caml-file-description Unknown file extension
caml-file-description Files with caml file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

camm-file-extension
camm-file-description espresso Mind Map mind map
camm-file-description A .camm file extension is related to the espresso Mind Map app for Windows. A .camm file contains mind map diagram.

camp-file-extension
camp-file-description WCS CAMP data
camp-file-description A camp file extension is related to the Windows Color System.

camproj-file-extension
camproj-file-description Camtasia Studio project
camproj-file-description Files with camproj file extension are projects created and saved in Camtasia Studio video editing software.

camrec-file-extension
camrec-file-description Camtasia Studio video recording (version 8.3 or earlier)
camrec-file-description Files with camrec extension can video recordings made using Camtasia Studio software 8.3. or earlier, version for Windows.

camthtr-file-extension
camthtr-file-description Camtasia Studio theater file
camthtr-file-description The CAMTHTR file extension is related to the Camtasia Studio and used for its theater files.

camv-file-extension
camv-file-description Camtasia screencast video data
camv-file-description A camv file extension is related to the Camtasia Studio screencast recording tool. A .camv file contains screencast video.

can-file-extension
can-file-description Canon Navigator fax document
can-file-description Files with can file extension could be old fax files from Canon Navigator device.

canf-file-extension
canf-file-description CanOpener file
canf-file-description Detailed description

canim-file-extension
canim-file-description Shank game
canim-file-description Files with canim file extension an be found as game data files from Shank 1 and Shank 2 video games.

cannedsearch-file-extension
cannedsearch-file-description Apple Finder predefined search data
cannedsearch-file-description Files with cannedsearch file extension can mainly be found as some sort of settings for Apple Finder. Contains predefined search values.

caos-file-extension
caos-file-description CanOpener preference
caos-file-description A caos file extension is related to the CanOpener software. A caos file stores preferences.

cap-file-extension
cap-file-description Network Monitor capture data
cap-file-description There are 13 other file types  usingthe CAP file extension!

capfile-file-extension
capfile-file-description Ruby Capistrano instruction data
capfile-file-description A capfile file extension is related to the Ruby Capistrano and used for its instruction files.

caproj-file-extension
caproj-file-description Construct game project file
caproj-file-description Files with caproj extension are used by the Construct game maker software. They include saved projects data.

caps-file-extension
caps-file-description CaptureSaver data
caps-file-description Files with caps file extension might be found as saved website archives from CaptureSaver program by GoldGingko software.

capt-file-extension
capt-file-description Linrock Capito data
capt-file-description A capt file extension is related to the Linrock Capito and used for its data files.

capx-file-extension
capx-file-description Construct game project archive
capx-file-description Files with capx file extension can be found as project archives from Construct game maker.

capxml-file-extension
capxml-file-description Capella XML document
capxml-file-description A capxml file extension is associated with the Capella XML document format.

car-file-extension
car-file-description Accelrys/MSI Biosym/Insight II CAR chemistry data
car-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe CAR file extension!

carb-file-extension
carb-file-description Apple Carbon package
carb-file-description Files with carb extension are used for Apple Mac OS X (macOS) Carbon. These files permits developers to take advantage of Mac OS X (macOS) features.

carc-file-extension
carc-file-description Nintendo DS compressed archive
carc-file-description A carc file extension is related to the Nintendo DS video gaming console. A carc file stores compressed archive.

card-file-extension
card-file-description Funkiball Adventure game file
card-file-description Files with card suffix may be found as old game files from Funkiball Adventure computer game.

caro-file-extension
caro-file-description Adobe Acrobat creatorcode file
caro-file-description Files with caro extension are used by Adobe Acrobat program. They store some various data for internal purposes.

cas-file-extension
cas-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD license
cas-file-description There are 13 other file types  usingthe CAS file extension!

cascii-file-extension
cascii-file-description CACTVS chemical ASCII format
cascii-file-description Files with cascii file extension can be found as chemical data ASCII files from older CACTVS program.

case-file-extension
case-file-description EnSight results data
case-file-description A case file extension is related to the EnSight medical software. A case file stores results data created by EnSight.

castep-file-extension
castep-file-description CASTEP data
castep-file-description A castep file extension is related to the CASTEP and used for its data files.

cat-file-extension
cat-file-description Microsoft Security Catalog
cat-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe CAT file extension!

cat4d-file-extension
cat4d-file-description Cinema 4D catalog
cat4d-file-description A cat4d file extension is related to the Cinema 4D modeling tool and used for its catalog files.

catalog-file-extension
catalog-file-description CATIA catalog
catalog-file-description Files with catalog file extension might be found as part of CATIA 3D CAD software.

catanalysis-file-extension
catanalysis-file-description CATIA analysis data
catanalysis-file-description Files with catanalysis file suffix are related to the CATIA, a 3D modeling program. A catanalysis file stores analysis data.

catcatalog-file-extension
catcatalog-file-description CATIA catalog
catcatalog-file-description A catcatalog file extension is associated with the CATIA 3D CAD/CAM software. A catcatalog file stores catalog.

catdrawing-file-extension
catdrawing-file-description CATIA drawing
catdrawing-file-description Files with catdrawing file extension can be found as CAD drawings made in CATIA 3D modeling tool by Dassault Systèmes S.A.

catfct-file-extension
catfct-file-description CATIA CATfct data
catfct-file-description A CATfct file extension is related to the CATIA CATfct data format.

catknowledge-file-extension
catknowledge-file-description CATIA CATKnowledge data
catknowledge-file-description Files with catknowledge file extension are related to the CATIA CATKnowledge data format.

catmaterial-file-extension
catmaterial-file-description CATIA CATMaterial data
catmaterial-file-description A catmaterial file extension is related to the CATIA CATMaterial data format.

catom-file-extension
catom-file-description Chief Architect catalogue file
catom-file-description Detailed description

catpart-file-extension
catpart-file-description CATIA part data
catpart-file-description Files with catpart extension can be found as CAD part drawings created using CATIA software from Dassault Systemes.

catpreferences-file-extension
catpreferences-file-description CATIA preferences
catpreferences-file-description Files with catpreferences file extension might be found as some sort of settings for CATIA projects.

catprocess-file-extension
catprocess-file-description CATIA process data
catprocess-file-description Files with catprocess file extension might also be found as part of CATIA CAD software. Process files.

catproduct-file-extension
catproduct-file-description CATIA product description document
catproduct-file-description Files with catproduct file extension are product assembly files created in CATIA CAD software. One of the default file types used by CATIA.

catraster-file-extension
catraster-file-description CATIA raster data
catraster-file-description Files with catraster file extension might be also found as part of CATIA 3D CAD software.

catresource-file-extension
catresource-file-description CATIA resource data
catresource-file-description Files with catresource file suffix are related to the CATIA, a 3D modeling software.

catscript-file-extension
catscript-file-description CATIA script
catscript-file-description A catscript file extension is associated with the CATIA software for Windows. A catscript file stores script.

catsettings-file-extension
catsettings-file-description CATIA settings
catsettings-file-description Files with catsettings file extension are related to the CATIA, a CAD and CAM software. A catsettings files stores settings.

catshape-file-extension
catshape-file-description CATIA shape data
catshape-file-description Files with catshape file extension can be found as shape files from CATIA CAD software. Used to describe products.

catswl-file-extension
catswl-file-description CATIA CATSwl data
catswl-file-description Files with catswl file extension might me mostly found as part of CATIA CAD software.

catsystem-file-extension
catsystem-file-description CATIA functional systems data
catsystem-file-description Files with catsystem file extension are related to the CATIA, a 3D modeling program. A catsystem file contains functional systems data.

catvbs-file-extension
catvbs-file-description CATIA script
catvbs-file-description A catvbs file extension is related to the CATIA, a 3D CAD/CAM software from Dassault Systèmes. A catvbs file contains script.

catwashsavedgame-file-extension
catwashsavedgame-file-description Cat Wash saved game
catwashsavedgame-file-description The catwashsavedgame file extension is related to the Cat Wash computer game.

cav-file-extension
cav-file-description Comodo virus definitions
cav-file-description A cav file extension is related to the Comodo Internet Security and used for its virus definition files.

cavs-file-extension
cavs-file-description Chinese AVS video
cavs-file-description A cavs file extension is related to the Audio Video Coding Standard from China.

cawr-file-extension
cawr-file-description Espresso workreport file
cawr-file-description The cawr file extension is related to the Espresso a workreport application. The cawr file stores workreport.

cax-file-extension
cax-file-description VCollab 3D model
cax-file-description A cax file extension is related to the VCollab 3D model file format developed by Visual Collaboration Technologies Inc.

caz-file-extension
caz-file-description Computer Associates Archive
caz-file-description Files with caz file extension can be mostly found as compressed archives from CA programs.

ca_-file-extension
ca_-file-description Microsoft Cabinet archive
ca_-file-description A ca_ file extension is related to the Microsoft Cabinet compression file format.

cb-file-extension
cb-file-description Microsoft clean boot data
cb-file-description A cb file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 95 system and used for its clean boot files.

cb1-file-extension
cb1-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks biochemical oxygen detail data
cb1-file-description A cb1 file extension is related to the CARE-S InfoWorks biochemical oxygen detail data format.

cb4-file-extension
cb4-file-description Actuate Analytics data
cb4-file-description Files with cb4 file extension can be found as part of older version of Actuate Analytics products. Probably some kind of data file.

cb7-file-extension
cb7-file-description CDisplay 7-Zip comic book
cb7-file-description A cb7 file extension is related to the CDisplay 7-Zip comic book file format used to store comics.

cba-file-extension
cba-file-description Creative BASIC source code
cba-file-description A cba file extension is related to the Creative BASIC source code files.

cbb-file-extension
cbb-file-description ChessBase search booster data
cbb-file-description A cbb file extension is related to the ChessBase, a sotware for Microsoft Windows.

cbc-file-extension
cbc-file-description Sony Portable Reader comic e-book
cbc-file-description A cbc file extension is related to the Sony Portable Reader comic e-book file format.

cbcp-file-extension
cbcp-file-description CodeBaby Production Studio character package
cbcp-file-description Files with cbcp file extension can be found as character packages from CodeBaby Production Studio software.

cbcx-file-extension
cbcx-file-description Comic Book Creator comic book save file format
cbcx-file-description A cbcx file extension is associated with the Comic Book Creator comic book save file format.

cbd-file-extension
cbd-file-description Corel WordPerfect dictionary
cbd-file-description A cbd file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its dictionary files.

cbds-file-extension
cbds-file-description Comic Book DS data
cbds-file-description A cbds file extension is related to the Comic Book DS file e-book comic file format.

cbf-file-extension
cbf-file-description ChessBase game information data
cbf-file-description Files with cbf extension are mostly used by ChessBase program. These files contain chess game data.

cbg-file-extension
cbg-file-description CyberGauge data
cbg-file-description A cbg file extension is related to the CyberGauge and used for its data files.

cbh-file-extension
cbh-file-description ChessBase chess database
cbh-file-description A cbh file extension is associated with the ChessBase and used for its chess database files.

cbi-file-extension
cbi-file-description IBM System/360 column binary formatted file
cbi-file-description Files with cbi extension are used for the IBM System/360 mainframe computers. They include some image data.

cbin-file-extension
cbin-file-description CACTVS Chemical Binary Format
cbin-file-description Files with cbin file extension can be found as data files in CACTVS Chemical Binary Format.

cbk-file-extension
cbk-file-description Delphi temporary backup
cbk-file-description A cbk file extension is related to the Delphi integrated development environment for Windows applications.

cbl-file-extension
cbl-file-description Cobol language source code
cbl-file-description A cbl file extension is related to the Cobol programming language and used for its source code files.

cbm-file-extension
cbm-file-description EaseUS Todo Backup record
cbm-file-description Files with cbm suffix can be found as some kind of record files from EaseUS Todo Backup backup software.

cbmap-file-extension
cbmap-file-description Containment Breach map
cbmap-file-description A cbmap file extension is related to Containment Breach and the and used for its map files.

cbmv-file-extension
cbmv-file-description Comic Book Millennium collection data
cbmv-file-description A cbmv file extension is related to the Comic Book Millennium. A cbmv file stores comic book collection.

cbn-file-extension
cbn-file-description PaperMaster cabinet file
cbn-file-description Files with cbn extension are used for PaperMaster program. It is an internal data file.

cbo-file-extension
cbo-file-description Microsoft Interactive Training data
cbo-file-description A cbo file extension is related to the Windows XP operating system. A cbo file stores data from Microsoft Interactive Training.

cboard-file-extension
cboard-file-description Final Cut Pro color board preset
cboard-file-description A cboard file extension is related to the Final Cut Pro and used for its color board preset files.

cbor-file-extension
cbor-file-description Concise Binary Object Representation format
cbor-file-description A cbor file extension is related to the Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) data format.

cbp-file-extension
cbp-file-description CD Box Labeler Pro data
cbp-file-description A cbp file extension is related to the CD Box Labeler developed by Green Point Software.

cbplugin-file-extension
cbplugin-file-description Code::Blocks plugin
cbplugin-file-description Files with cbplugin file extension are plugins from the Code::Blocks C++ IDE platform.

cbproj-file-extension
cbproj-file-description C++ Builder project
cbproj-file-description A cbproj file extension is related to the C++ Builder and used for its project files.

cbq-file-extension
cbq-file-description StarOS script file
cbq-file-description Detailed description

cbs-file-extension
cbs-file-description Comodo Backup script
cbs-file-description A cbs file extension is associated with the Comodo Backup and used for its script files.

cbt-file-extension
cbt-file-description CDisplay TAR Comic book file
cbt-file-description A cbt file extension is used for a popular comic ebook format. CBR is basically a cbt file that contains several images (usually JPGs) that can opened in comic books viewer as a sequence of screens.

cbtf-file-extension
cbtf-file-description Plazmic font
cbtf-file-description Files with cbtf extension can be found as font files from Plazmic BlackBerry apps.

cbu-file-extension
cbu-file-description Comodo Backup backup
cbu-file-description A cbu file extension is related to the Comodo Backup tool. A cbu file stores archive with backup.

cbv-file-extension
cbv-file-description ChessBase archive file
cbv-file-description Files with cbv suffix can be mostly found as archives with chess matches for ChessBase software.

cbw-file-extension
cbw-file-description ComicRack webcomics data
cbw-file-description A cbw file extension is associated with the ComicRack, a comics reader. A cbw file stores webcomics data.

cbx-file-extension
cbx-file-description Rational XDE collaboration data
cbx-file-description A cbx file extension is related to the Rational XDE development tool and used for its collaboration data.

cbxml-file-extension
cbxml-file-description CodeBox XML library file
cbxml-file-description Detailed description

cc-file-extension
cc-file-description C++ language source code
cc-file-description A cc file extension is associated with the C++ programming language. A cc file stores source code.

cc1-file-extension
cc1-file-description Briggs Softworks Calendar Commander data
cc1-file-description A cc1 file extension is related to the Calendar Commander software for Windows.

cc2-file-extension
cc2-file-description Calendar Commander calendar data
cc2-file-description A cc2 file extension is related to the Calendar Commander and used for its calendar data.

cc3-file-extension
cc3-file-description CUEcards data
cc3-file-description A cc3 file extension is related to the CUEcards and used for its data files.

cc4-file-extension
cc4-file-description Crossword Compiler crossword puzzle
cc4-file-description A cc4 file extension is related to the Crossword Compiler and used for its crossword puzzle files.

cca-file-extension
cca-file-description CC: MAil data
cca-file-description A cca file extension is related to the CC: MAil data file format.

ccad-file-extension
ccad-file-description ClarisCAD data
ccad-file-description A ccad file extension is related to the ClarisCAD, CAD software for Mac. A ccad file contains data.

ccb-file-extension
ccb-file-description Visual Basic animated button configuration
ccb-file-description Files with ccb file extension are related to the Visual Basic animated button configuration.

ccbi-file-extension
ccbi-file-description CocosBuilder data
ccbi-file-description Files with ccbi file extension is related to the CocosBuilder data format.

ccbjs-file-extension
ccbjs-file-description CopperCube JavaScript scene
ccbjs-file-description A ccbjs file extension is related to the CopperCube 3D rendering software and used for its scene files.

cccrrrppp-file-extension
cccrrrppp-file-description Unlock92 ransomware affected data
cccrrrppp-file-description Files with CCCRRRPPP file extension can be found as encrypted files affected by some of the later variants of Unlock92 ransomware.

cce-file-extension
cce-file-description Calendar Creator 2 event data
cce-file-description Files with cce file extension can be found as event data files from Calendar Creator 2 program.

ccf-file-extension
ccf-file-description OS/2 Multimedia Viewer configuration data
ccf-file-description A ccf file extension is related to OS/2 operating system developed by IBM. A ccf file stores configuration for OS/2 Multimedia Viewer.

ccfg-file-extension
ccfg-file-description BartPE configuration
ccfg-file-description A ccfg file extension is related to the BartPE utility and used for its configuration files.

ccgame-file-extension
ccgame-file-description Microsoft XNA Game Studio game package
ccgame-file-description A ccgame file extension is related to the XNA Game Studio a development tool for Xbox games. A cgame file stores game package.

cch-file-extension
cch-file-description Photomodeler photochip thumbnail
cch-file-description A cch file extension is related to the Photomodeler and used for its photochip thumbnails.

cci-file-extension
cci-file-description Champions' Interlace compressed picture image
cci-file-description A cci file extension is related to the Champions' Interlace compressed picture image format.

ccip-file-extension
ccip-file-description Curse Client addon download protocol
ccip-file-description Files with ccip file extension are add-ons for Curse Client add-ons manager for MMORPG computer games.

ccitt-file-extension
ccitt-file-description CCITT Group 3 and Group 4 encoded fax
ccitt-file-description A ccitt file extension is related to the CCITT Group 3 and Group 4 encoded fax format.

ccj-file-extension
ccj-file-description Crossword Compiler compiled crossword applet
ccj-file-description Files with ccj file extension are compiled crossword applets created using the Crossword Compiler program.

cck-file-extension
cck-file-description Corel Clipart data
cck-file-description Files with cck file extension can be found as Corel Cliparts.

ccl-file-extension
ccl-file-description CCTools levelset data
ccl-file-description A ccl file suffix is associated with the CCTools program. A ccl file stores levelset data.

ccld-file-extension
ccld-file-description Construction Clouds data
ccld-file-description A ccld file extension is related to Construction Clouds and data files.

ccm-file-extension
ccm-file-description Multimedia Fusion custom menu data
ccm-file-description Files with ccm file extension are related to the Multimedia Fusion development tool. A ccm file contains custom menu data.

ccmg-file-extension
ccmg-file-description STAR-CD solver ready geometry data
ccmg-file-description A file extension ccmg is associated with the STAR-CD solver ready geometry data format.

ccmp-file-extension
ccmp-file-description STAR-CD results data
ccmp-file-description A ccmp file extension is associated with the STAR-CD software. A ccmp file contains transient data.

ccmt-file-extension
ccmt-file-description STAR-CD transient data
ccmt-file-description A ccmt file extension is associated with the STAR-CD software. A ccmt file contains transient data.

ccn-file-extension
ccn-file-description Multimedia Fusion development file
ccn-file-description Files with ccn extension are used for the Multimedia Fusion software. They include some development data.

cco-file-extension
cco-file-description Apple Cocoa file
cco-file-description Files with cco extension are associated with Apple Cocoa program as a some kind of data files.

ccp-file-extension
ccp-file-description CloneCD profile
ccp-file-description Files with ccp file extension can be found as profiles from CloneCD program. A ccp file stores profile.

ccp4-file-extension
ccp4-file-description Collaborative Computational Project Number 4 format
ccp4-file-description A ccp4 file extension is related to the Collaborative Computational Project Number 4 format.

ccproj-file-extension
ccproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio cloud service project
ccproj-file-description Files with ccproj file extension are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio cloud service projects.

ccr-file-extension
ccr-file-description Systems Management Server client configuration request data
ccr-file-description A ccr file extension is related to the Systems Management Software (SMS) by Microsoft. A ccr file stores client configuration requests.

ccrf-file-extension
ccrf-file-description Calcomp raster bitmap image file
ccrf-file-description Files with ccrf extension are known as raster bitmap images. This file format is supported by the ArcView software.

ccs-file-extension
ccs-file-description TrialDirector clip script
ccs-file-description A file suffix ccs is related to the TrialDirector program. A ccs file contains script.

ccscc-file-extension
ccscc-file-description IBM Rational ClearCase source control info
ccscc-file-description A ccscc file extension is related to the IBM Rational ClearCase source control info files.

cct-file-extension
cct-file-description Macromedia (Adobe) Director Shockwave cast data
cct-file-description A cct file extension is related to the Macromedia (Adobe) Director Shockwave. A cct file contains cast data.

cctv-file-extension
cctv-file-description Unknown file
cctv-file-description Files with cctv extension are used by CCTV.

ccu-file-extension
ccu-file-description CryptLoad update data
ccu-file-description Files with ccu file extension are related to the CryptLoad tool. A ccu file stores update data.

ccv-file-extension
ccv-file-description Crytal Vision Report
ccv-file-description A ccv file extension is related to Crystal Vision Report software.

ccw-file-extension
ccw-file-description Crossword Compiler saved puzzle
ccw-file-description A ccw file extension is related to the Crossword Compiler and used for saved puzzle.

ccwsln-file-extension
ccwsln-file-description Connected Components Workbench data
ccwsln-file-description Files with ccwsln file extension are created with the Connected Components Workbench programming and configuration software.

ccx-file-extension
ccx-file-description Corel compressed exchange clipart
ccx-file-description Files with ccx file extension can be mostly found as older clipart archives for CorelDRAW graphics software.

ccxml-file-extension
ccxml-file-description Call Control eXtensible Markup Language source code
ccxml-file-description Files with ccxml file extension can be found as source files in Call Control eXtensible Markup Language.

ccz-file-extension
ccz-file-description Compressed CAMCAD PCB layout
ccz-file-description Files with ccz extension can be mostly found as old  PCB layouts from the CAMCAD program. Contains compressed circuit board layout.

cc%7E-file-extension
cc%7E-file-description Unknown file extension
cc%7E-file-description Files with cc~ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cd-file-extension
cd-file-description Philips/Optlmage's Master tool disk image
cd-file-description Files with cd file extension can be found as disk images used in several programs, including Philips/Optlmage's Master tool.

cd1-file-extension
cd1-file-description DATAIR Cafeteria Document System data
cd1-file-description Files with cd1 file extension are used by the DATAIR Cafeteria Document System. They include data used by the program.

cd2-file-extension
cd2-file-description DATAIR Cafeteria Document System custom text
cd2-file-description Files with cd2 file extension are related to the Cafeteria Document System developed by DATAIR. A cd2 file contains custom text.

cd4-file-extension
cd4-file-description Dymo DiscPainter data
cd4-file-description A cd4 file extension is related to the Dymo DiscPainter, a CD/DVD optical media labeling software.

cd5-file-extension
cd5-file-description Chasys Draw image
cd5-file-description A cd5 file extension is related to the Chasys Draw software and used for its picture image files.

cdadj-file-extension
cdadj-file-description Cyberlink PowerDirector data
cdadj-file-description Files with cdadj file extension are used by CyberLink PowerDirector video editing tool.

cdata-file-extension
cdata-file-description Command & Conquer 3 audio file
cdata-file-description Files with cdata suffix can be found as audio files from several games from Command and Conquer series. Located within .big archives.

cdb-file-extension
cdb-file-description CardScan card database
cdb-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe CDB file extension!

cdbcmsg-file-extension
cdbcmsg-file-description CIM Database CMSG data
cdbcmsg-file-description A cdbcmsg file extension is associated with the CIM Database CMSG data file format.

cdc-file-extension
cdc-file-description Nero CD cover
cdc-file-description Files with cdc file extension can be typically found as CD covers created from Nero Cover Designer.

cdd-file-extension
cdd-file-description Chromeleon device driver
cdd-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe CDD file extension!

cdda-file-extension
cdda-file-description Apple iTunes AIFF audio data
cdda-file-description A cdda file extension is related to Apple iTunes, a multimedia management suite for Windows and Mac. A cdda file stores audio data in AIFF format.

cddx-file-extension
cddx-file-description Circuit Diagram diagram data
cddx-file-description A cddx file extension is related to the Circuit Diagram app for designing diagrams. A cddx file contains diagram.

cddz-file-extension
cddz-file-description ConceptDraw document
cddz-file-description A cddz file extension is related to the ConceptDraw PRO, a diagramming software. A cddz file stores document, or script.

cde-file-extension
cde-file-description CADKEY dynamic extension file format
cde-file-description A cde file extension is related to the CADKEY a 2D CAD software developed by Kubotek. A cde file stores dynamic extension file format.

cdem-file-extension
cdem-file-description CompeGPS Land landscape data
cdem-file-description A cdem file extension is related to the CompeGPS Land program and used for its landscape data.

cdev-file-extension
cdev-file-description Macintosh II control panel data
cdev-file-description A cdev file extension is related to the Macintosh II control panel data format.

cdf-file-extension
cdf-file-description Cyberspace Description Format
cdf-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe CDF file extension!

cdf-ms-file-extension
cdf-ms-file-description ClickOnce Deployment binary manifest
cdf-ms-file-description Files with cdf-ms file extension are related to Microsoft Visual Studio and used for a binary version of manifest files generated along .dll files.

cdfs-file-extension
cdfs-file-description Compact Disc File System
cdfs-file-description CDFS is shortcut for Compact Disk File System, not an actual file extension.

cdfx-file-extension
cdfx-file-description Cindex data
cdfx-file-description Files with cdfx file extension might be found as part of Cindex indexing program.

cdg-file-extension
cdg-file-description DART Karaoke Studio lyrics
cdg-file-description Files with cdg extension can be most often found as lyrics from DART Karaoke Studio.

cdi-file-extension
cdi-file-description DiscJuggler image
cdi-file-description Files with cdi extension are most likely best known for its use as disk images for the DiscJuggler burning software for Windows.

cdic-file-extension
cdic-file-description ConlangDictionary data
cdic-file-description A cdic file extension is related to the ConlangDictionary tool.

cdj-file-extension
cdj-file-description DiscJuggler CD-ROM data file
cdj-file-description The cdj extension files are used by DiscJungler application. They are used as some various data files.

cdk-file-extension
cdk-file-description Calamus SL document
cdk-file-description A cdk file extension is related to the Calamus SL software. A cdk file stores document from Calamus.

cdl-file-extension
cdl-file-description SignLab vector graphics
cdl-file-description Files with cdl extension can also be found as vector graphic files used by SignLab program.

cdlx-file-extension
cdlx-file-description Adobe Audition audio CD project
cdlx-file-description A cdlx file extension is related to the Adobe Audition and used for its audio CD project files.

cdm-file-extension
cdm-file-description Novell NetWare disk drivers NPA
cdm-file-description A cdm file extension is related to the Novell NetWare disk drivers NPA.

cdmedia-file-extension
cdmedia-file-description Boxer for Mac cd-rom image
cdmedia-file-description A cdmedia file extension is related to the Boxer for Mac and used for its CD-ROM container files.

cdml-file-extension
cdml-file-description Creately Document Markup Language Document
cdml-file-description Files with cdml file extension are related to the Creately Document Markup Language Document format.

cdmm-file-extension
cdmm-file-description ConceptDraw MINDMAP document
cdmm-file-description A cdmm file extension is related to the ConceptDraw MINDMAP and used for its document files.

cdmp-file-extension
cdmp-file-description WCS CDMP
cdmp-file-description A cdmp file extension is related to the Windows Color System for Microsoft Windows.

cdmt-file-extension
cdmt-file-description ConceptDraw MINDMAP template
cdmt-file-description A cdmt file extension is related to the ConceptDraw MINDMAP software. A cdmt file stores template.

cdmtz-file-extension
cdmtz-file-description ConceptDraw MINDMAP compressed template
cdmtz-file-description A cdmtz file extension is related to the ConceptDraw MINDMAP software. A cdmtz file stores compressed template.

cdmz-file-extension
cdmz-file-description ConceptDraw MINDMAP compressed document
cdmz-file-description A .cdmz file extension is related to ConceptDraw MINDMAP software and used for its compressed documents.

cdn-file-extension
cdn-file-description Click'N Design 3D CD label
cdn-file-description Files with cdn file extension can be found as CD labels made in Click'N Design 3D software.

cdn-cgi-file-extension
cdn-cgi-file-description Unknown file extension
cdn-cgi-file-description Files with cdn-cgi file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cdo-file-extension
cdo-file-description Crescendo music score
cdo-file-description Files with cdo suffix can be mainly found as saved music scores from Crescendo music composing tool for Windows.

cdoc-file-extension
cdoc-file-description DigiDoc Client container file
cdoc-file-description Files with cdoc suffix can be usually found as some kind of container data files from DigiDoc.

cdp-file-extension
cdp-file-description SONY CD Architect project
cdp-file-description Files with cdp extension can be usually found as projects made and saved in SONY CD Architect burning software.

cdp2-file-extension
cdp2-file-description Trainz Classics content dispatcher pack 2 game data
cdp2-file-description A cdp2 file extension is related to the Trainz Classics and used for its content dispatcher pack 2 game data.

cdproj-file-extension
cdproj-file-description CppDepend project
cdproj-file-description A cdproj file extension is related to the CppDepend project files.

cdpx-file-extension
cdpx-file-description ConceptDraw PROJECT XML data
cdpx-file-description A cdpx file extension is related to the ConceptDraw PROJECT. A cdpx file stores project in XML format.

cdpz-file-extension
cdpz-file-description ConceptDraw PROJECT document
cdpz-file-description A cdpz file extension is related to the ConceptDraw PROJECT and used for its document files.

cdr3-file-extension
cdr3-file-description CorelDRAW 3 for Mac vector or bitmap image
cdr3-file-description Files with cdr3 extension are used by CorelDRAW graphics editor. They include image data.

cdr4-file-extension
cdr4-file-description CorelDRAW 4 for Mac vector or bitmap image
cdr4-file-description Files with cdr4 extension are used by CorelDRAW as its vector graphics files.

cdr5-file-extension
cdr5-file-description CorelDRAW 5 for Mac vector or bitmap image
cdr5-file-description Files with cdr5 extension are used by CorelDraw program version 5.

cdr6-file-extension
cdr6-file-description CorelDRAW 6 for Mac vector or bitmap image
cdr6-file-description Files with cdr6 extension are used by CorelDRAW graphics editor. They include image data.

cdrom-file-extension
cdrom-file-description Unknown file extension
cdrom-file-description Files with cdrom file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cdrw-file-extension
cdrw-file-description CorelDRAW for Mac file
cdrw-file-description Files with cdrw extension are used for CorelDraw program for Mac. They include vector or bitmap images.

cdrx-file-extension
cdrx-file-description Bosch Crash Data Retrieval data format
cdrx-file-description Files with cdrx extension can be found as data files generated by Bosch Crash Data Retrieval software from vehicle control unit.

cdrzip-file-extension
cdrzip-file-description DICOM compressed image
cdrzip-file-description A cdrzip file extension is related to the DICOM and used for its compressed image files.

cds-file-extension
cds-file-description ConceptDraw Pro slideshow
cds-file-description Files with cds file extension can be nowadays mostly found as slideshows made and saved using ConceptDraw Pro diagramming software.

cdsg-file-extension
cdsg-file-description DrawMusic Chord song file
cdsg-file-description Detailed description

cdsx-file-extension
cdsx-file-description ConceptDraw PRO XML slide show
cdsx-file-description A cdsx file extension is related to the ConceptDraw PRO XML slide show file format.

cdt6-file-extension
cdt6-file-description CorelDRAW 6 for Mac template
cdt6-file-description Files with cdt6 file extension could be older templates for CorelDraw 6 for Mac.

cdtx-file-extension
cdtx-file-description ConceptDraw PRO XML template file
cdtx-file-description The cdtx file extension is related to the ConceptDraw PRO XML template file format.

cdt_-file-extension
cdt_-file-description CorelDRAW for Mac template
cdt_-file-description A cdt_ file extension is related to the CorelDRAW for Mac drawing template format.

cdu-file-extension
cdu-file-description CDU-Paint image format
cdu-file-description Files with cdu file extension are in most cases bitmap images in CDU Paint image format.

cdv-file-extension
cdv-file-description CatDV catalog
cdv-file-description Files with cdv file extension are related to the CatDV, a program for analyzing multimedia data. A cdv file contains catalog.

cdw-file-extension
cdw-file-description KOMPAS CAD drawing
cdw-file-description Files with cdw extension can be mainly be found 3D CAD drawings made and saved in ASCON KOMPAS software.

cdwlxml-file-extension
cdwlxml-file-description CDWinder license
cdwlxml-file-description A cdwlxml file extension is related to the CDWinder, a software for Microsoft Windows operating system.

cdws-file-extension
cdws-file-description CorelDraw workspace
cdws-file-description Files with cdws file extension are related to the CorelDraw workspace format.

cdx-file-extension
cdx-file-description CorelDRAW compressed drawing
cdx-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe CDX file extension!

cdx3-file-extension
cdx3-file-description Cochlear Data Exchange format
cdx3-file-description Files with cdx3 file extension are related to the software for Cochlear Implant.

cdxl-file-extension
cdxl-file-description Amiga Movie Format
cdxl-file-description A cdxl file extension is associated with the movie format used by Commodore Amiga computers. A cdxl file stores digital video.

cdxml-file-extension
cdxml-file-description ChemDraw XML drawing
cdxml-file-description A cdxml file extension is related to the ChemDraw software. A cdxml file stores ChemDraw document.

cdy-file-extension
cdy-file-description Cinderella construction data
cdy-file-description Files with cdy file extension may be found as special construction files from the Cinderella interactive geometry software.

cdz-file-extension
cdz-file-description ROM With a View project
cdz-file-description A cdz file extension is associated with the ROM With a View, a tool for creating autorun options and used for its project files.

ce-file-extension
ce-file-description CA-Clipper workbench application data
ce-file-description A ce file extension is related to the CA-Clipper and used for its workbench application files.

ce0-file-extension
ce0-file-description Winewar worm data
ce0-file-description A ce0 file extension is related to the Winewar data file format.

ce1-file-extension
ce1-file-description Computer Eyes Raw image format
ce1-file-description A ce1 file extension is related to the Computer Eyes Raw image format.

ce2-file-extension
ce2-file-description Computer Eyes Raw image format
ce2-file-description A ce2 file extension is related to the Computer Eyes program and used for its raw images.

cea-file-extension
cea-file-description DAZ 3D Carrara Pro exported data
cea-file-description Files with cae extension are used to export files in DAZ 3D Carrara Pro.

ceb-file-extension
ceb-file-description Apabi e-book
ceb-file-description A ceb file extension is related to the Apabi e-Book file format developed by Founder Electronics.

cebx-file-extension
cebx-file-description Apabi e-Book data
cebx-file-description A cebx file extension is associated with the Apabi e-Book file format developed by Founder Electronics.

ced-file-extension
ced-file-description JVC corrupted video recording
ced-file-description Files with ced extension can be also found as some kind of strange video files recorded by JVC digital video cameras in case the SD card is not properly formatted.

cedata-file-extension
cedata-file-description Pogoplug data
cedata-file-description Files with cedata file extension can be mainly found as data files for the Pogoplug cloud storage service.

cedf-file-extension
cedf-file-description TC Configuration Editor data
cedf-file-description A cedf file extension is related to the TC Configuration Editor for Total Commander.

cedprj-file-extension
cedprj-file-description Ashampoo CoverEditor cover project
cedprj-file-description A cedproj file extension is related to the Ashampoo CoverEdtior tool for Windows. A cedprj file stores cover project.

cee-file-extension
cee-file-description Compressed GPS Ephemeris data
cee-file-description A cee file extension is related to the GPS Ephemeris Data File format.

cef-file-extension
cef-file-description CA Clipper workbench application
cef-file-description A cef file extension is related to the CA Clipper and used for its  workbench application files.

ceg-file-extension
ceg-file-description Tempra Show bitmap graphic file
ceg-file-description Files with ceg extension are associated with Tempra Show environment. They are used as bitmap image files.

cei-file-extension
cei-file-description CRiSP Harvest settings data
cei-file-description A cei file extension is related to the CRiSP Harvest and used for its data files.

ceid-file-extension
ceid-file-description Seagate Dockstar configuration
ceid-file-description A ceid file extension is related to the Seagate Dockstar dock device and FreeAgent software. A ceid file contains configuration.

ceimg-file-extension
ceimg-file-description CeRegEditor registry image
ceimg-file-description A ceimg file extension is related to the CeRegEditor program. A ceimg file contains registry image.

cekey-file-extension
cekey-file-description McAfee VirusScan configuration
cekey-file-description A cekey file extension is associated with the McAfee VirusScan, a PC protection suite. A cekey file contains configuration.

cel-file-extension
cel-file-description Lumena CEL bitmap image
cel-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe CEL file extension!

cell-file-extension
cell-file-description CASTEP supercell material data
cell-file-description A cell file extension is related to the CASTEP software and used for its supercell material data files.

cells-file-extension
cells-file-description The Game of Life game data
cells-file-description A cells file extension is associated with The Game of Life computer game.

celp-file-extension
celp-file-description CELP Code Excited Linear Predictor sound
celp-file-description A celp file extension is related to the Code Excited Linear Predictor and used for its sound files.

celtx-file-extension
celtx-file-description Celtx project
celtx-file-description A celtx file extension is related to the Celtx program. A celtx file stores project.

celx-file-extension
celx-file-description Celestia 3D rendering script
celx-file-description A celx file extension is related to the Celestia, a space flight simulation software. A celx file stores rendering script.

cem-file-extension
cem-file-description Empire Earth game data
cem-file-description A cem file extension is related to the Empire Earth a real-time strategic computer game and used for its game files.

cen-file-extension
cen-file-description CEN EN 13032 photometric data
cen-file-description Files with cen file extension is related to the CEN EN 13032 photometric data format.

cenon-file-extension
cenon-file-description Cenon project
cenon-file-description A cenon file extension is associated with the Cenon, a modeling tool for Mac OS X operating system. A cenon file stores project.

cenon%7E-file-extension
cenon%7E-file-description Cenon project backup
cenon%7E-file-description A cenon~ file extension is related to the Cenon project backup format.

ceo-file-extension
ceo-file-description Winewar worm data
ceo-file-description A ceo file extension is related to the Winewar worm, a malicious software. A ceo file contains data.

cep-file-extension
cep-file-description CostOS Estimating project database
cep-file-description Files with cep file extension can be usually encountered as project databases for CostOS Estimating software.

ceph-file-extension
ceph-file-description Kodak Trophy bitmap image format
ceph-file-description A ceph file extension is related to the DentalX­ray & Imaging image format developed by Kodak. Probably obsolete.

cept-file-extension
cept-file-description Creative Element Power Tools data
cept-file-description A cept file extension is related to the Creative Element Power Tools software.

cer-file-extension
cer-file-description Lahey Fortran compilation error message
cer-file-description A cer file extension is related to the Lahey Fortran compiler and development tool. A cer file stores compilation error message.

cerber3-file-extension
cerber3-file-description Cerber 3 ransomware affected data
cerber3-file-description Files with cerber3 file extension may be found as encrypted files of all kinds that were affected by the Cerber3 ransomware.

cert-file-extension
cert-file-description Netscape certificate index data file
cert-file-description Files with cert extension usually contain certificate index files from old Netscape Navigator internet browsing suite.

certauthorityconfig-file-extension
certauthorityconfig-file-description Apple Mac OS X Certificate Assistant configuration file
certauthorityconfig-file-description Files with certauthorityconfig extension are used by the Apple Mac OS X Certificate Assistant, part of Apple Keychain utility.

certsigningrequest-file-extension
certsigningrequest-file-description Apple Certificate Assistant data
certsigningrequest-file-description A certsigningrequest file extension is related to the Apple Certificate Assistant for macOS and OS X. A certsigningrequest file stores request for certificate sign.

cesf-file-extension
cesf-file-description Ultra TC Configuration Editor script
cesf-file-description A cesf file extension is related to the Ultra TC Configuration Editor and used for its script files.

cet-file-extension
cet-file-description Hitachi COBOL2002 data
cet-file-description Files with cet file extension are related to the Hitachi COBOL2002 data format.

cetrainer-file-extension
cetrainer-file-description DBVM data
cetrainer-file-description Files with cetrainer extension may be usually found as data files from DBVM (also known as a Cheat Engine).

cev-file-extension
cev-file-description SEL compressed event report
cev-file-description A cev file extension is related to the SEL compressed event report format. Probably obsolete.

cex-file-extension
cex-file-description ThumbsPlus image file
cex-file-description Files with cex extension are used for ThumbsPlus application. They contain image data.

cez-file-extension
cez-file-description Prosurv cEZ job
cez-file-description A cez file extension is related to the Prosurv cEZ job file format.

cezeokey-file-extension
cezeokey-file-description CEZEO Key data
cezeokey-file-description A cezeokey file extension is related to Windows Registry key files.

cf-file-extension
cf-file-description Sendmail configuration data
cf-file-description A cf file extension is related to the Sendmail a mail transfer agent. A cf file stores configuration data.

cf1-file-extension
cf1-file-description Common File Format 1
cf1-file-description The cf1 file extension is associated with the Common File Format 1, probably used by some CNC machines.

cf2-file-extension
cf2-file-description Common File Format 2 data
cf2-file-description Files with cf2 file extension can be typically encountered as data files in Common File Format 2 which is used to used to exchange die cutting data.

cf3-file-extension
cf3-file-description PBX ANI-Link configuration file
cf3-file-description Files with cf3 extension are used by PBX ANI-Link system. They are used as a data configuration file format.

cf5-file-extension
cf5-file-description DocuWare data
cf5-file-description A cf5 file extension is related to the DocuWare, a document management app.

cf7-file-extension
cf7-file-description Toshiba ConfigFree profile handling module
cf7-file-description A cf7 file extension is related to the Toshiba ConfigFree and used for its profile handling module files.

cf8-file-extension
cf8-file-description Cashflow Manager data
cf8-file-description A cf8 file extension is related to the Cashflow Manager software.

cf9-file-extension
cf9-file-description Cashflow Manager accounting data
cf9-file-description A cf9 file extension is related to the Cashflow Manager accounting data. A cf9 file stores accounting data.

cfa-file-extension
cfa-file-description Adobe multimedia cache
cfa-file-description Files with cfa extension usually contain multimedia cache data from either Adobe Premiere Pro or Adobe Encore.

cfb-file-extension
cfb-file-description Disk Drill recovered data
cfb-file-description A cfb file extension is related to the Disk Drill a data recovery software. A cfb file stores recovery data.

cfc-file-extension
cfc-file-description Adobe ColdFusion component data
cfc-file-description Files with cfc file extension can be found as Adobe ColdFusion components. Written in ColdFusion Markup Language.

cfd-file-extension
cfd-file-description CryptoForge encrypted document
cfd-file-description Files with cfd file extension can be mainly found as special, encrypted CryptoForge documents.

cfdg-file-extension
cfdg-file-description Context Free design grammar
cfdg-file-description Files with cfdg file extension can be found as design grammar files from Context Free program.

cfdi-file-extension
cfdi-file-description Comprobante Fiscal Digital por Internetdata
cfdi-file-description Files with cfdi file extension can be found as a special electronic invoices saved in Mexican Comprobante Fiscal Digital por Internet (CFDI) format.

cfe-file-extension
cfe-file-description CryptoForge encrypted data file
cfe-file-description Files with cfe suffix can be typically encountered as data encrypted using the CryptoForge software.

cfexe-file-extension
cfexe-file-description Unknown file extension
cfexe-file-description Files with cfexe file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cff-file-extension
cff-file-description ColorImpact color formula
cff-file-description A cff file extension is related to the ColorImapct, a software for Microsoft Windows. A cff file stores color formula.

cff2-file-extension
cff2-file-description Kodak Pandora exported data
cff2-file-description A cff2 file extension is related to the Kodak Pandora application and used for its exported files.

cfge-file-extension
cfge-file-description iWin games configuration data
cfge-file-description A cfge file extension is related to computer games developed by iWin. A cfge file stores game configuration data.

cfh-file-extension
cfh-file-description Fieldbus Foundation capabilities data
cfh-file-description A cfh file extension is related to the Fieldbus Foundation and used for its capabilities data.

cfi-file-extension
cfi-file-description CleverForm script file
cfi-file-description Files with cfi extension are used for the CleverForm, which is an marketing utility. They include scripts from this application.

cfk-file-extension
cfk-file-description Microsoft Developer Studio diagram file
cfk-file-description Files with cfk extension were used by Microsoft Developer Studio. They include saved diagram data.

cfl-file-extension
cfl-file-description Microsoft Developer Studio diagram
cfl-file-description A cfl file extension is related to the Microsoft Developer Studio. A cfl file contains diagram.

cfm-file-extension
cfm-file-description Adobe ColdFusion template
cfm-file-description Files with cfm extension are mainly related to Adobe ColdFusion rapid application development platform. These files are main templates for the program.

cfml-file-extension
cfml-file-description Adobe ColdFusion Markup Language source code
cfml-file-description A cfml file extension have web pages scripted using Adobe ColdFusion a web development solution and scripting language (ColdFusion Markup Language). It is similar to e.g. PHP.

cfn-file-extension
cfn-file-description Calamus font data file
cfn-file-description Files with cfn extension are used for Calamus SL software. They contain some font data information.

cfo-file-extension
cfo-file-description Turbo C utilities C form object
cfo-file-description Files with cfo file extension can be mainly found as form objects from Borland Turbo C.

cfog-file-extension
cfog-file-description Cloudfogger encrypted data
cfog-file-description A cfog file extension is related to the Cloudfogger encrypted data format.

cfos6link-file-extension
cfos6link-file-description cFos IPv6 Link registration data
cfos6link-file-description A cfos6link file extension is associated with the cFos IPv6 Link, a network software for Windows. A cfos6link file stores registration data.

cfospnet-file-extension
cfospnet-file-description cFos Personal Net registration key
cfospnet-file-description A cfospnet file extension is related to the cFos Personal Net, a home webhosting program, developed by cFos. A cfospnet file contains registration key.

cfosspeed-file-extension
cfosspeed-file-description cFosSpeed registration key
cfosspeed-file-description A cfosspeed file extension is related to the cFosSpeed and used for its registration key.

cfp-file-extension
cfp-file-description QuickBooks cash flow projector
cfp-file-description A cfp file extension is related to the QuickBooks an accounting software. A cfp file stores cash flow projector.

cfpreset-file-extension
cfpreset-file-description SA Color Finesse plugin for After Effects preset
cfpreset-file-description A cfpreset file extension is associated with the SA Color Finesse plugin for After Effects. A cfpreset file stores preset.

cfr-file-extension
cfr-file-description Cross Fire replay
cfr-file-description Files with cfr file extension can be found as saved replays from the Cross Fire first person action shooter computer game.

cfreplay-file-extension
cfreplay-file-description Crossfire Europe replay
cfreplay-file-description Files with cfreplay file  extension are game replays from Crossfire Europe first person shooter.

cfs-file-extension
cfs-file-description Apache Lucene compound data
cfs-file-description A cfs file extension is related to the Apache Lucene an information retrieval software. A cfs file contains compound data.

cft-file-extension
cft-file-description CorelDRAW Core Flow template
cft-file-description Files with cft file extension can mainly be found as templates from Corel Flow.

cfu-file-extension
cfu-file-description Symantec Client Firewall policy data
cfu-file-description A cfu file extension is related to the Symantec Client Firewall and used for its policy files.

cfw-file-extension
cfw-file-description ChemFinder form
cfw-file-description A cfw file extension is related to the ChemFinder program. A cfw file stores form.

cfwb-file-extension
cfwb-file-description Chart Data File Format
cfwb-file-description Files with cfwb file extension are associated with the Chart Data File Format.

cfx-file-extension
cfx-file-description Magix Movie Edit Pro data
cfx-file-description Files with cfx file extension can be typically encountered as some kind of data files from Magix Movie Edit Pro video editing tool for Windows.

cfxr-file-extension
cfxr-file-description Cocoa Sfxr data
cfxr-file-description A cfxr file extension is related to the cfxr software and used for its audio files.

cfxxe-file-extension
cfxxe-file-description Possibly Malware file
cfxxe-file-description Files with cfxxe extension are associated with some malware software.

cfz-file-extension
cfz-file-description Compressed archive
cfz-file-description Files with cfz file extension can be found as compress archives. Used in Robot Arena II.

cg-file-extension
cg-file-description nVidia CgFX program
cg-file-description Files with cg suffix can be often found as special shader programs saved in Cg programming language from nVidia.

cg3-file-extension
cg3-file-description Cabri 3D image
cg3-file-description A cg3 file extension si related to the Cabri 3D and used for its 3D image files.

cg4-file-extension
cg4-file-description CALS Group IV bitmap graphics
cg4-file-description Files with cg4 extension can be found as images in the CALS Group IV bitmap graphics file format.

cga-file-extension
cga-file-description Ventura Publisher CGA display font
cga-file-description Files with cga extension are used by the Ventura Publisher software originally for MS-DOS.

cgb-file-extension
cgb-file-description Gameboy color data
cgb-file-description Files with cgb file extension can be found as color files from some Gameboy emulator.

cgd-file-extension
cgd-file-description CricketGraph data
cgd-file-description A cgd file extension is related to the CricketGraph app for Apple Mac and used for its data files.

cgdb-file-extension
cgdb-file-description Microsoft Clip Art package file
cgdb-file-description Detailed description

cgf-file-extension
cgf-file-description Asm Objasm data
cgf-file-description A cgf file extension is related to the Objasm and used for its data files.

cgfiletypetest-file-extension
cgfiletypetest-file-description CGFileType document
cgfiletypetest-file-description Files with CGIFILETYPETEST extension can be found as CGFileType documents.

cgfx-file-extension
cgfx-file-description nVidia Cg Toolkit CgFX shader data
cgfx-file-description A cgfx file extension is related to the nVidia Cg Toolkit CgFX shader file format.

cgg-file-extension
cgg-file-description Renegade Paintball audio data
cgg-file-description A cgg file extension is associated with the Renegade Paintball and used for its audio data.

cgi-file-extension
cgi-file-description Common Gateway Interface script
cgi-file-description Files with cgi extension can be mostly encountered as Common Gateway Interface script files. Webpages related file format.

cgi-bin-file-extension
cgi-bin-file-description Unknown file
cgi-bin-file-description Files with cgi-bin file extension are associated as a folder storing Common Gateway Interface scripts.

cgi-mod-file-extension
cgi-mod-file-description Unknown file extension
cgi-mod-file-description Files with cgi-mod file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cgi-sys-file-extension
cgi-sys-file-description Unknown file
cgi-sys-file-description Detailed description

cginc-file-extension
cginc-file-description Unity custom shader include
cginc-file-description Files with cginc file extension can be found as custom shader include files for Unity game engine.

cgk-file-extension
cgk-file-description BlueSoleil data
cgk-file-description A cgk file extension is related to the BlueSoleil Bluetooth drivers package. A cgk file contains data.

cgl-file-extension
cgl-file-description CodeGuard error log
cgl-file-description Files with cgl file extension can be found as error logs used in CodeGuard solutions.

cgm-file-extension
cgm-file-description Computer graphics metafile
cgm-file-description Files with cgm extension can be typically found as graphics files in Computer Graphics Metafile format. It is used for 2D vector graphics, raster graphics, and text, and is defined by ISO/IEC 8632. All graphical elements can be specified in a textual source file that can be compiled into a binary file or one of two text representations.

cgmap-file-extension
cgmap-file-description CityGuide region map
cgmap-file-description Files with cgmap extension can be found as regional navigation maps for CityGuide app.

cgn-file-extension
cgn-file-description PoldatDB data
cgn-file-description A cgn file extension is related to the PoldatDB and used for its data files.

cgns-file-extension
cgns-file-description CFD General Notation System data
cgns-file-description Files with cgns file extension are used for CFD General Notation System data format.

cgo-file-extension
cgo-file-description Railroad Tycoon 3 car properties
cgo-file-description A cgo file extension is related to the Railroad Tycoon 3 computer game. A cgo file stores car properties.

cgp-file-extension
cgp-file-description PixelCryptor encrypted data
cgp-file-description A cgp file extension is related to the PixelCryptor an encryption tool. A cgp file stores encrypted data.

cgr-file-extension
cgr-file-description CATIA MultiCAx drawing
cgr-file-description A cgr file extension is related to CATIA MultiCAx plug-in. A cgr file are used to store geometrical data.

cgrp-file-extension
cgrp-file-description Pro Tools clip group data
cgrp-file-description A cgrp file extension is related to the Pro Tools music composition application.

cgs-file-extension
cgs-file-description CGS General Motors CAD drawing
cgs-file-description A cgs file extension is related to the CGS General Motors CAD drawing file format.

cgt-file-extension
cgt-file-description Gold Parsing System compiled grammar table
cgt-file-description A cgt file extension is associated with the Gold Parsing System and used for its compiled grammar table files.

cgv-file-extension
cgv-file-description OSLay parameters data
cgv-file-description A cgv file extension is related to the OSLay parameters data format.

cgvp-file-extension
cgvp-file-description CG programming language XML data
cgvp-file-description A cgvp file extension is related to the Cg programming language. A cgvp file stores XML data.

cgx-file-extension
cgx-file-description ARM RL-TCPnet HTTP Web Server XML web page update script
cgx-file-description A cgx file extension is related to the ARM RL-TCPnet HTTP Web Server XML web page update script files.

cgz-file-extension
cgz-file-description AssaultCube map
cgz-file-description A cgz file extension is related to the AssaultCube video game. A cgz file stores map.

ch-file-extension
ch-file-description OS/2 configuration
ch-file-description Files with ch extension can be found as old configuration file from OS/2 operating system.

ch1-file-extension
ch1-file-description IBM Freelance Graphics chart file
ch1-file-description Files with ch1 extension are used for IBM Freelance Graphics application. It is a graphic file format.

ch10-file-extension
ch10-file-description Irig 106 original recording data
ch10-file-description A ch10 file extension is related to the Irig 106 format. A ch10 file contains recording data.

ch3-file-extension
ch3-file-description Harvard Graphics v3.0 chart or drawing
ch3-file-description Files with ch3 file extension can be typically found as charts or drawings saved using Harvard Graphics.

ch4-file-extension
ch4-file-description Charisma presentation
ch4-file-description A ch4 file extension is related to the Charisma and used for its presentation files.

ch5-file-extension
ch5-file-description VisIt data
ch5-file-description A ch5 file extension is related to the VisIt parallel visualization and graphical analysis software.

ch6-file-extension
ch6-file-description ZX-Paintbrush character
ch6-file-description A ch6 file extension is related to the ZX-Paintbrush and used for its character files.

ch8-file-extension
ch8-file-description ZX-Paintbrush character
ch8-file-description The ch8 file extension is related to the ZX-Paintbrush, a picture image editing tool.

cha-file-extension
cha-file-description Diablo singleplayer character data
cha-file-description A cha file extension is related to Diablo 1 action RPG video game. A cha file stores information about gamer's game character.

cham-file-extension
cham-file-description HAM Programmer Toolkit compiled HAM data
cham-file-description A cham file extension is related to the HAM Programmer Toolkit and used for its compiled HAM programs.

changedb-file-extension
changedb-file-description SQLite data
changedb-file-description A changedb file extension is related to the SQLite, a relational database system.

changedb-journal-file-extension
changedb-journal-file-description SQLite data
changedb-journal-file-description A changedb-journal file extension is related to the SQLite, a relational database management system.

channelinfo-file-extension
channelinfo-file-description CCAM emulator file
channelinfo-file-description Files with channelinfo extension are used for settings files for CCAM emulators.

chap-file-extension
chap-file-description MP4 movie chapter
chap-file-description Files with chap file extension are associated with MP4 movies.

chapters-file-extension
chapters-file-description ChapterGrabber data
chapters-file-description A .chapters file extension is related to the ChapterGrabber program and used for its data files.

char-file-extension
char-file-description Nintendo DS character tile data
char-file-description A char file extension is related to the Nintendo DS handheld console and used for its character tile files.

charmm-file-extension
charmm-file-description CHARMm chemical modeller input data
charmm-file-description A charmm file extension is associated with the CHARMm, a scientific chemistry software. A charmm file stores chemical modeller input data.

charscirpt-file-extension
charscirpt-file-description Divinity: Original Sin game data
charscirpt-file-description A charscirpt file extension is associated with the Divinity: Original Sin game data.

charset-file-extension
charset-file-description Character set
charset-file-description A charset file extension is related to character set files that are stored in a Resources folder within OS X (macOS) application package *.app.

chart-file-extension
chart-file-description Feedback chart
chart-file-description A chart file extension is related to the Feedback chart editing tool.

chat-file-extension
chat-file-description Online chat configuration
chat-file-description A .chat file extension is related to the mIRC and other IRC chat apps. A .chat file stores configuration data.

chatlog-file-extension
chatlog-file-description Adium chat log
chatlog-file-description A chatlog file extension is related to the Adium, an instant messaging client for macOS (OS X). A .chatlog file stores saved history.

chc-file-extension
chc-file-description GFI MailEssentials patch data
chc-file-description A chc file extension is related to the GFI MailEssentials and used for its patch files.

chck-file-extension
chck-file-description Microsoft Exchange Server database check data
chck-file-description A chck file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Server operating system. A chck file contains database check data.

chd-file-extension
chd-file-description MAME compressed ROM image
chd-file-description A chd file extension is related to the MAME emulator of arcade machines. A chd file contains compressed ROM image.

che-file-extension
che-file-description CHwinEHE project
che-file-description Files with che extension are used for CHwinEHE and used for its project files.

check-file-extension
check-file-description CASTEP check binary data
check-file-description Files with check extension are related to the CASTEP and used for its check binary data.

chef-file-extension
chef-file-description Acme::Chef Chef source code
chef-file-description A chef file extension is related to the Chef programming language and used for its source code files.

chem-file-extension
chem-file-description WRF/CHEM chemical data
chem-file-description A chem file extension is related to the WRF/CHEM chemical data format used by bqEasy program.

chesstitanssave-ms-file-extension
chesstitanssave-ms-file-description Chess Titans saved game
chesstitanssave-ms-file-description A chesstitanssave-ms file extension is related to the Chess Titans and used for its saved game files.

chf-file-extension
chf-file-description pcAnywhere remote control data
chf-file-description Files with chf file suffix are associated with the pcAnywhere program. A chf file contains remote control data.

chg-file-extension
chg-file-description Quicken online data
chg-file-description A chg file extension is related to the Quicken Online and used for its data files.

chh-file-extension
chh-file-description C++ header file
chh-file-description Files with chh extension are related to C++ programming language.

chi-file-extension
chi-file-description Microsoft Help file index
chi-file-description A chi file extension is associated with the Microsoft Help and used index files.

chj-file-extension
chj-file-description IBM SPSS interview cache
chj-file-description A chj file extension is related to the IBM SPSS software used for planning, data collection etc. A chj file contains interview cache files.

chk-file-extension
chk-file-description ScanDisk file fragment
chk-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe CHK file extension!

chkn-file-extension
chkn-file-description IMVU Create Mode temporary data
chkn-file-description Files with chkn extension can be found as temporary files from IMVU software platform for making 3D avatars.

chksplit-file-extension
chksplit-file-description Incredible Bee Archiver checksum data
chksplit-file-description A chksplit file extension is related to the Incredible Bee Archiver and used for its checksum files.

chl-file-extension
chl-file-description Microsoft Internet Explorer channel information
chl-file-description A chl file extension is related to the Microsoft Internet Explorer and used for its channel information.

chls-file-extension
chls-file-description Charles session
chls-file-description Files with chls extension are commonly used by Charles software. A chls file contains session.

chml-file-extension
chml-file-description chameleon encrypted data
chml-file-description A chml file extension is related to the chameleon encryption file format.

chmprj-file-extension
chmprj-file-description Abee CHM Maker HTML archive
chmprj-file-description A chmprj file extension is related to the Abee CHM Maker HTML archives.

chm_1029-file-extension
chm_1029-file-description Microsoft installation data
chm_1029-file-description An chm_1029 file extension is related to some installation data used by Microsoft software.

chm_aq-file-extension
chm_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
chm_aq-file-description Files with chm_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

chn-file-extension
chn-file-description Ethnograph data
chn-file-description A chn file extension is related to the Ethnograph, a qualitative analysis software. A chn file stores some kind of data.

cho-file-extension
cho-file-description Animation:Master choreography file
cho-file-description Files with cho extension are used for Animation:Master software. They include internal data.

chord-file-extension
chord-file-description Song chords
chord-file-description A chord file extension is related to the song chords format.

chp-file-extension
chp-file-description BizInt Smart Charts for Patents document
chp-file-description A chp file extension is related to the BizInt Smart Charts for Patents document file format.

chproj-file-extension
chproj-file-description Adobe Character Animator project
chproj-file-description A chproj file extension is related to the Adobe Character Animator, an animation program for Windows and Mac. A chproj file contains project.

chpscrap-file-extension
chpscrap-file-description Homepage Print document
chpscrap-file-description A chpscrap file extension is related to the Homepage Print document format.

chq-file-extension
chq-file-description Microsoft Help combined full-text search file
chq-file-description Files with chq extension are used by Microsoft Help.

chr-file-extension
chr-file-description Borland language stroke font
chr-file-description Files with chr extension are mainly related to integrated development environments developed by Borland. A chr file stores language stroke fonts.

chr0-file-extension
chr0-file-description Nintendo Wii model animation
chr0-file-description A chr0 file extension is related to Nintendo Wii video games. A chr0 file stores model animation.

chrparams-file-extension
chrparams-file-description CryENGINE character paramters data
chrparams-file-description A chrparams file extension is related to the CryEngine, a video gaming engine developed by Crytek. A chrparams file stores character parameters data.

chs-file-extension
chs-file-description Corel Presentations chart style
chs-file-description A chs file extension is related to the Corel Presentations and used for its chart style files.

cht-file-extension
cht-file-description ChartViewer dBASE interface
cht-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe CHT file extension!

chtml-file-extension
chtml-file-description Compact HTML document
chtml-file-description A chtml file extension is related to the Compact HTML a variant of HTML designed for small information appliances.

chu-file-extension
chu-file-description Infinity Engine game data
chu-file-description A chu file extension is related to the Infinity Engine and used for its some kind of game files.

chunk001-file-extension
chunk001-file-description File Splitter split file (part 1)
chunk001-file-description A chunk001 file extension is used for split file (part 1) created by File Splitter.

chuzzledeluxesavedgame-file-extension
chuzzledeluxesavedgame-file-description Chuzzle Deluxe saved game
chuzzledeluxesavedgame-file-description The chuzzledeluxesavedgame file extension is related to the Chuzzle Deluxe saved game files.

chv-file-extension
chv-file-description Two Worlds 2 rigged model file
chv-file-description Files with chv extension are used by the Two Worlds II computer game. They are used for internal purposes of the game.

chw-file-extension
chw-file-description Microsoft Help HTML help general index
chw-file-description Files with chw extension can be most often found as files saved in Microsoft Help HTML general index file format. Used in Windows Help since 1997.

chx-file-extension
chx-file-description Big font set
chx-file-description Files with chx file extension are used to store coloured letters in different sizes by ZX-Editor Second Edition.

chy-file-extension
chy-file-description FileMaker Pro data
chy-file-description A chy file extension is related to the FileMaker Pro a database management system.

chz-file-extension
chz-file-description ChArc compressed archive
chz-file-description Files with chz file extension might be found as old ChArc compressed archives. Obsolete file type.

ch_-file-extension
ch_-file-description Unknown file extension
ch_-file-description Files with ch_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ci-file-extension
ci-file-description CitectSCADA data
ci-file-description Files with ci file extension can be found as part of CitectSCADIA software from Scheider Electrics.

cia-file-extension
cia-file-description Nintendo 3DS CTR importable archive
cia-file-description A cia file extension is associated with the Nintendo 3DS CTR importable archive format.

cib-file-extension
cib-file-description Compressed RAW image
cib-file-description A cib file extension is related to some kind of compressed RAW image file format.

cic-file-extension
cic-file-description Hitachi Ladder Editor circuit comment
cic-file-description A cic file extension is associated with the Hitachi Ladder Editor circuit comment format.

cid-file-extension
cid-file-description CallerID data
cid-file-description A cid file extension is related to the CallerID software and used for its data files.

cida-file-extension
cida-file-description xplorer² scrap document
cida-file-description A cida file extension is related to the xplorer² scrap document files.

cidb-file-extension
cidb-file-description Apple iTunes CD information
cidb-file-description A cidb file extension is related to the Apple iTunes and used for its CD information files.

cie-file-extension
cie-file-description CIE File Format file - color information
cie-file-description A cie file extension is related to the CIE file format (International Commission on Illumination) that is used to store color information.

cielo-file-extension
cielo-file-description Unknown file extension
cielo-file-description Files with cielo file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cif-file-extension
cif-file-description Colombo Ipermedia data
cif-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe CIF file extension!

cig-file-extension
cig-file-description Fastback Plus compressed backup
cig-file-description Files with cig file extension might be found as old backup files made in Fastback Plus program.

cih-file-extension
cih-file-description Chernobyl virus data
cih-file-description Files with cih extension were in the past generated by Chernobyl virus. Very dangerous.

cii-file-extension
cii-file-description Caesar II data
cii-file-description A cii file extension is related to the Caesar II a pipe stress analytical app. A cii files are stored data.

cik-file-extension
cik-file-description Corel Graphics 10 custom dual tone
cik-file-description A cik file extension is related to the Corel Graphics Suite version 10. A cik file stores custom dual tone settings.

cil-file-extension
cil-file-description Microsoft Office Clip Gallery download package
cil-file-description A cil file extension is related to the Microsoft Office Clip Gallery. A cil file stores downloaded gallery package.

cilx-file-extension
cilx-file-description Volume Activation Management Tool data
cilx-file-description A cilx file extension is related to the VAMT (Volume Activation Management Tool) tool from Microsoft Corporation.

cim-file-extension
cim-file-description CimPack design drawing
cim-file-description Files with cim file extension can be mostly found as design drawings made using CimPack software from CIMEX.

cimg-file-extension
cimg-file-description CImg image
cimg-file-description A cimg file extension is related to the CImg image format.

cin-file-extension
cin-file-description Kodak Cineon image
cin-file-description Files with cin extension can be found as picture images based on the Kodak Cineon format.

cin96lm-file-extension
cin96lm-file-description Microsoft Cinemania data
cin96lm-file-description A cin96lm file extension is related to the Microsoft Cinemania and used for its data files.

cin96upd-file-extension
cin96upd-file-description Microsoft Cinemania data
cin96upd-file-description A cin96upd file extension is related to the Microsoft Cinemania software. A cin96upd file contains data.

cine-file-extension
cine-file-description Vision Research Phantom Cine camera recording
cine-file-description Files with cine extension can be found as digital video recorded using Visio Research professional digital cameras.

cinema4d-file-extension
cinema4d-file-description Cinema 4D for Amiga data
cinema4d-file-description A cinema4d file extension is related to the Cinema 4D for Amiga computers. A cinema4d file contains data.

cio-file-extension
cio-file-description SWAT master watershed data
cio-file-description Files with cio file extension are used for SWAT application. A cio file stores master watershed data.

cip-file-extension
cip-file-description Cavena subtitles
cip-file-description Files with cip file extension can be often found as subtitles in special format used in Cavena subtitling products for multimedia devices.

cipo-file-extension
cipo-file-description Cartesian Products compressed internet document
cipo-file-description A cipo file extension is related to the Cartesian Products compressed internet document format.

cir-file-extension
cir-file-description Supermax ECAD saved command
cir-file-description Files with cir extension can be encountered as old command save files from Supermax ECAD.

circ-file-extension
circ-file-description Logisim circuit data
circ-file-description Files with circ extension can be found printed circuit board data files from the Logisim education design tool.

circuit-file-extension
circuit-file-description KTechlab circuit design
circuit-file-description A circuit file extension is related to the KTechlab and used for its circuit design files.

cis-file-extension
cis-file-description CheckInbox data
cis-file-description A cis file extension is related to the CheckInbox a tool for check e-mail accounts.

cis2-file-extension
cis2-file-description ProSteel document
cis2-file-description A file extension cis2 is related to the ProSteel, a 3D modeling program from Bentley. A cis2 file contains document from ProSteel.

ciso-file-extension
ciso-file-description Wii compressed game image
ciso-file-description A ciso file extension is related to the Wii compressed game image format used to store disk images of Nintendo Wii games.

cit-file-extension
cit-file-description Intergraph scanned image
cit-file-description Files with cit file extension can be mostly found as scanned images made in older Integraph programs.

citriodownload-file-extension
citriodownload-file-description Citrio incomplete download
citriodownload-file-description Citrio web browser uses citriodownload file extension for its partially downloaded files. Usually found only if a download is in progress, or if the computer crashed.

citrixonline-file-extension
citrixonline-file-description GoToMeeting data
citrixonline-file-description A file suffix citrixonline is related to the GoToMeeting data format.

citrixonline312-file-extension
citrixonline312-file-description GoToMeeting data
citrixonline312-file-description Files with citrixonline312 file extension are related to the GoToMeeting program.

citrixonline393-file-extension
citrixonline393-file-description GoToMeeting data
citrixonline393-file-description Files with citrixonline393 file extension are related to the GoToMeeting program.

civ-file-extension
civ-file-description Empire Earth custom civilization information
civ-file-description Files with civ file extension can be found in old Empire Earth computer game. These files hold information about individual civilizations playable in the game.

civ4replay-file-extension
civ4replay-file-description Sid Meier's Civilization 4 replay
civ4replay-file-description A civ4replay file extension is related to the Sid Meier's Civilization 4 replay files.

civ4savedgame-file-extension
civ4savedgame-file-description Civilization IV save game file
civ4savedgame-file-description Files with civ4savedgame extension are used by Civilization IV computer game. They include saved game position data.

civ4worldbuildersave-file-extension
civ4worldbuildersave-file-description Civilization IV world builder save file
civ4worldbuildersave-file-description Files with civ4worldbuildersave extension are associated with empire building turn-based game Civilization IV.

civ5map-file-extension
civ5map-file-description Civilization 5 map
civ5map-file-description A civ5map file extension is related to the Civilization 5 computer game and used for its custom map data.

civ5mod-file-extension
civ5mod-file-description Civilization 5 mod
civ5mod-file-description A civ5mod file extension is related to the Civilization 5 a computer game. A civ5mod file stores game modification.

civ5proj-file-extension
civ5proj-file-description Civilization 5 game data
civ5proj-file-description A civ5proj file extension is related to the Civilization V computer game.

civ5save-file-extension
civ5save-file-description Civilization 5 saved game
civ5save-file-description A civ5save file extension is related to the Civilization 5, a computer game for Windows and macOS (OS X). A civ5save file stores saved game position.

civ5sln-file-extension
civ5sln-file-description Civilization 5 game data
civ5sln-file-description A civ5sln file extension is related to the Civilization 5 game data.

civbeyondswordreplay-file-extension
civbeyondswordreplay-file-description Sid Meier's Civilization 4 replay
civbeyondswordreplay-file-description A civbeyondswordreplay file extension is related to the Sid Meier's Civilization 4 replay files.

civbeyondswordsave-file-extension
civbeyondswordsave-file-description Civilization IV: Beyond the Sword save game file
civbeyondswordsave-file-description Files with civbeyondswordsave extensioon are used by the Civilization IV Beyond the Sword computer game. They include saved game position data.

civbeyondswordwbsave-file-extension
civbeyondswordwbsave-file-description Civilization IV game data
civbeyondswordwbsave-file-description A civbeyondswordwbsave file extension is related to the Civilization IV video game. A civbeyondswordwbsave file contains scenario settings data.

civwarlordsreplay-file-extension
civwarlordsreplay-file-description Sid Meier's Civilization 4 replay
civwarlordsreplay-file-description A civwarlordsreplay file extension is related to the Sid Meier's Civilization 4 replay files.

civwarlordssave-file-extension
civwarlordssave-file-description Civilization 4 data
civwarlordssave-file-description A civwarlordssave file extension is related to the Civilization 4 computer game. A .civwarlordssave file stores saved game position.

ciw-file-extension
ciw-file-description EndNote Web of Science export
ciw-file-description Files with ciw extension are mainly is related to the EndNote Web of Science (ISI) export file format.

cix-file-extension
cix-file-description Rational XDE data
cix-file-description A cix file extension is associated with the Rational XDE and used for its data files.

cjb-file-extension
cjb-file-description Autodesk Cleaner XL job
cjb-file-description Files with cjb file extension are associated with Autodesk Cleaner XL job format.

cjd-file-extension
cjd-file-description Casio Ex-word dictionary file
cjd-file-description Files with cjd extension are used by Casio Ex-word. They store some various data.

cjk-file-extension
cjk-file-description China Japan Korea to Latin Converter data
cjk-file-description A cjk file extension is related to the China Japan Korea to Latin Converter.

cjl-file-extension
cjl-file-description DigitalHIWAY JPEG library
cjl-file-description A cjl file extension is related to the DigitalHIWAY JPEG library format.

cjstyles-file-extension
cjstyles-file-description Skin Builder project
cjstyles-file-description Files with the cjstyles file extension can be found as projects from Skin Builder app for Microsoft Windows.

ck-file-extension
ck-file-description ChucK source code
ck-file-description A ck file extension is associated with the ChucK programming language. A ck file contains source code.

ck1-file-extension
ck1-file-description Commander Keen 1 game data
ck1-file-description A ck1 file extension is related to the Commander Keen 1 an action platform computer game. A ck1 file stores game data.

ck2-file-extension
ck2-file-description Commander Keen 2 game data
ck2-file-description The ck2 file extension is related to the Commander Keen a platform action computer game series developed by id Software. The ck2 file stores game data.

ck3-file-extension
ck3-file-description Commander Keen 3 game data
ck3-file-description A ck3 file extension is related to the Commander Keen 3 action platform computer game. A ck3 file contains game data.

ck4-file-extension
ck4-file-description Commander Keen 4 game data
ck4-file-description A ck4 file extension is related to the Commander Keen 4 an action platform computer game. A ck4 file stores some kind of game data.

ck5-file-extension
ck5-file-description Commander Keen 5 game data
ck5-file-description A ck5 file extension is related to the Commander Keen 5 action platform computer game. A ck5 file stores some kind of game data.

ck6-file-extension
ck6-file-description Commander Keen 6 game data
ck6-file-description A ck6 file extension is related to the Commander Keen 6 an action platform computer game. A ck6 file stores various game data.

ck9-file-extension
ck9-file-description DVN Cook'n cookbook backup
ck9-file-description A ck9 file extension is associated with the DVN Cook'n and used for its cookbook backups.

cka-file-extension
cka-file-description Comfort Keys database
cka-file-description A cka file extension is related to the Comfort Keys, a task automate program for Windows. A .cka file contains database.

ckb-file-extension
ckb-file-description Borland C++ keyboard mapping settings
ckb-file-description A ckb file extension is related to the Borland C++ keyboard mapping settings format.

ckbx-file-extension
ckbx-file-description Cricket Audio XML bank description data
ckbx-file-description A ckbx file extension is related to the Cricket Audio XML bank description file format.

ckd-file-extension
ckd-file-description CADKEY design
ckd-file-description Files with the ckd file extension can be found as CAD design files from the CADKEY software.

ckf-file-extension
ckf-file-description Casio Keyboard audio
ckf-file-description A ckf file extension is related to electronic keyboards developed by Casio, such as CTK-900, WK-3200, WK-3700. A ckf file stores audio composition.

ckl-file-extension
ckl-file-description DISA STIG checklist
ckl-file-description Files with ckl file extension is related to the DISA STIG checklist format.

ckm-file-extension
ckm-file-description Creation Kit macro
ckm-file-description Files with ckm extension are macros made in the Creation Kit for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Used for modding.

ckn-file-extension
ckn-file-description Disk Doctors licence log
ckn-file-description A ckn file extension is related to applications developed by Disk Doctor Labs Inc. A ckn file stores information about license.

ckp-file-extension
ckp-file-description Ingres Database checkpoint data
ckp-file-description A ckp file extension is related to the Ingres Database checkpoint data format.

cks-file-extension
cks-file-description Microsoft Windows CE image info data
cks-file-description A cks file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows CE image info files.

ckt-file-extension
ckt-file-description B2 Spice circuit design
ckt-file-description Files with ckt suffix are commonly found as Electronic Circuit designs or schematics. Used in CAE industry.

ckv-file-extension
ckv-file-description CheckVisiion database file
ckv-file-description Files with ckv file extension might be found as databases from the German CheckVision business platform.

ckz-file-extension
ckz-file-description QuickSFV file verification database
ckz-file-description A ckz file extension is related to the QuickSFV software and used for its verification databases.

cl-file-extension
cl-file-description IconUtils mouse cursor library
cl-file-description A cl file extension is related to the IconUtils, an icons and cursors creator for Windows. A cl file stores mouse cursor library.

cl2-file-extension
cl2-file-description HY-TEK meet results file
cl2-file-description Files with cl2 suffix seems to have been in the past used in HY-TEK sport software to store results from sport activities. Replaced by HYV format.

cl2arc-file-extension
cl2arc-file-description Comic Life 2 document archive
cl2arc-file-description Files with cl2arc file extension can be found as Comic Life 2 e-books saved in a compressed archive.

cl2doc-file-extension
cl2doc-file-description Comic Life 2 document
cl2doc-file-description A cl2doc file extension is related to the Comic Life 2 a comic book authoring tool. A cl2doc file stores comic book document.

cl2lyt-file-extension
cl2lyt-file-description Comic Life 2 layout file
cl2lyt-file-description The cl2lyt file extension is related to the Comic Life 2 a comic book authoring software. The cl2lyt file stores layout of comic book.

cl2tpl-file-extension
cl2tpl-file-description Comic Life 2 template
cl2tpl-file-description A cl2tpl file extension is related to the Comic Life 2, a comic book authoring tool. A cl2tpl file stores template of comic book.

cl3-file-extension
cl3-file-description Easy CD Creator CD layout
cl3-file-description Files with cl3 file extension were CD burn projects created in old program called Easy CD Creator. No longer supported.

cl4-file-extension
cl4-file-description Easy CD Creator project
cl4-file-description A cl4 file extension is related to the Easy CD Creator an optical media burning program. A cl4 file contains project.

cl5-file-extension
cl5-file-description Easy CD Creator saved project file
cl5-file-description Files with cl5 extension are used by the Easy CD Creator 5. They include some projects data.

cl7-file-extension
cl7-file-description Free Clipboard Viewer data
cl7-file-description Files with cl7 file extension are related to the Free Clipboard Viewer data format.

cla-file-extension
cla-file-description Java class data
cla-file-description Files with cla file extension can be found as class files for Java. Alternative to standard class extension.

claf-file-extension
claf-file-description Claris font file
claf-file-description Files with CLAF extension could also be in the past found as font files from Claris program.

clam-file-extension
clam-file-description Adobe InDesign dictionary file
clam-file-description Files with clam extension are used for Adobe InDesign. They include some user dictionary data that are used to control spelling in documents.

clarify-file-extension
clarify-file-description Blue Mango Clarify document
clarify-file-description A clarify file extension is related to the Clarify for Apple Mac OS X (macOS). A .clarify file stores document.

clas-file-extension
clas-file-description Java class file
clas-file-description Files with clas extension are used by the Java application.

classdiagram-file-extension
classdiagram-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio class diagram
classdiagram-file-description A .classdiagram file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its class diagram files.

classlist-file-extension
classlist-file-description SMART Notebook class list
classlist-file-description A classlist file extension is related to the SMART Notebook and used for its class list files.

classpath-file-extension
classpath-file-description Eclipse IDE JAVA project related data
classpath-file-description A classpath file extension is related to the Eclipse, an integrated development tool for various platforms. A classpath file contains data related to project.

clb-file-extension
clb-file-description Super NoteTab ClipBook template
clb-file-description Files with clb file extension can be mainly found as templates for NoteTab ClipBook HTML and text editor.

clbx-file-extension
clbx-file-description MP3 Automagic CD Cover Creator label file
clbx-file-description Files with clbx extension are used for the MP3Automagic CD Cover Creator. They store saved CD labels.

clc-file-extension
clc-file-description Microsoft Schedule+ 7 habits mission statement data
clc-file-description Files with clc file extension are mostly related to old Microsoft Schedule + program and used for its statements files.

cld-file-extension
cld-file-description Canon CD-Label Print label layout
cld-file-description A cld file extension is related to the Canon CD-Label Print a cd labeling software and used for its layout files.

cldcvt-file-extension
cldcvt-file-description CD-LabelPrint converted data
cldcvt-file-description Files with cldcvt file extension can be found as converted data files from CD-LabelPrint utility by CANON.

cldlyr-file-extension
cldlyr-file-description TerraGen cloud layer
cldlyr-file-description An cldlyr file extension is related to the TerraGen software and used for its cloud layer files.

cle-file-extension
cle-file-description Icon Lock-iT locked file indicator
cle-file-description A cle file extension is related to the Icon Lock-iT software and used for its locked file indicator data.

clean-file-extension
clean-file-description Instagram for Android cache
clean-file-description A .clean file extension is related to the Instagram for Android cache format.

cleo-file-extension
cleo-file-description Grand Theft Auto Vice City mod
cleo-file-description A cleo file extension is related to the CLEO a scripting mod tool for Grand Theft Auto Vice City and used for its mod script files.

clf-file-extension
clf-file-description ListPro database
clf-file-description Files with clf suffix can be mostly found as databases or lists made using ListPro software from Ilium software.

clg-file-extension
clg-file-description QIP list of ignored contacts file
clg-file-description Files with clg extension can be found as saved list of ignored contacts exported from QIP instant messenger.

clgx-file-extension
clgx-file-description Collage Maker collage
clgx-file-description Files with clgx file extension can be found as collages made in Collage Maker program.

cli-file-extension
cli-file-description Client Management System customer data
cli-file-description Files with cli file extension can be found as part of HawkSoft Client Management System. A cli file contains customer data.

clib-file-extension
clib-file-description CATS library data
clib-file-description A clib file extension is related to the CATS, a tool for translating complex design data into machine readable instructions. A .clib file stores library.

clim-file-extension
clim-file-description Climate input
clim-file-description A clim file extension is related to the climate input file format used by Cooperative Institute for Research in Environmental Sciences.

clip-file-extension
clip-file-description Grand Theft Auto V clip
clip-file-description Files with clip extension are replays from Grand Theft Auto V, an action shooter and racing computer game.

clipping-file-extension
clipping-file-description Mac Text clipping file (prior Mac OS 9)
clipping-file-description Files with clipping suffix could be typically found on old Mac computers prior Mac OS 9. Generated by Finder app when you drag and drop text data.

clips-file-extension
clips-file-description Coda for Mac clips file
clips-file-description Files with clips extension are used by Coda web designing tool. They include source code data.

clix-file-extension
clix-file-description CLIX command data
clix-file-description A clix file extension is associated with the CLIX and used for its command data.

clj-file-extension
clj-file-description Clojure source code
clj-file-description A clj file extension is related to Clojure programming language and used for its source code files.

cljs-file-extension
cljs-file-description ClojureScript script
cljs-file-description Files with cljs file suffix are related to the ClojureScript scripting format.

cljx-file-extension
cljx-file-description Visual Studio Code data
cljx-file-description Files with cljx file extension are associated with the Visual Studio Code data format.

clk-file-extension
clk-file-description CorelDRAW Corel R.A.V.E. animation
clk-file-description Files with clk extension are mainly related to CorelDraw graphical suite and used for some sort of animations. These were created using the Corel R.A.V.E program.

clkb-file-extension
clkb-file-description Clicker book data
clkb-file-description Files with the clkb file extension are related to the Clicker book data format.

clkbd-file-extension
clkbd-file-description Clicker board set
clkbd-file-description Files with clkbd file extension are associated with the Clicker board set data.

clkc-file-extension
clkc-file-description Clicker connect set
clkc-file-description Files with clkc file extension are associated with the Clicker software and used for its connect set data.

clkd-file-extension
clkd-file-description Clicker document
clkd-file-description A clkd file extension is associated with the Clicker document format.

clkk-file-extension
clkk-file-description Clicker keyboard data
clkk-file-description Files with clkk file extension are related to the Clicker keyboard settings data. Clicker is developed by Crick Software.

clkp-file-extension
clkp-file-description Clicker palette
clkp-file-description Files with clkp file extension are related to the Clicker palette data.

clkt-file-extension
clkt-file-description Clicker template
clkt-file-description A clkt file extension is related to the Crick Software Clicker software and used for its template.

clkw-file-extension
clkw-file-description Clicker word bank data
clkw-file-description A clkw file extension is associated with the Clicker, a literacy software. A clkw file stores word bank data.

clkx-file-extension
clkx-file-description Clicker grid set
clkx-file-description Files with clkx file extension are related to the Clicker grid set format.

cll-file-extension
cll-file-description Crick Software Clicker data
cll-file-description A cll file extension is related to the Crick Software Clicker writing tool.

clle_properties-file-extension
clle_properties-file-description Eclipse settings
clle_properties-file-description A .clle_properties file extension is related to the Eclipse development environment.

clm-file-extension
clm-file-description Micrografx Picture Publisher macro
clm-file-description A clm file extension is related to the Micrografx Picture Publisher and used for its macro files.

clm2-file-extension
clm2-file-description Clipboard Master database
clm2-file-description A clm2 file extension is associated with the Clipboard Master, a clipboard manager. A clm2 file stores database.

clmlic-file-extension
clmlic-file-description Clipboard Master license
clmlic-file-description A clmlic file extension is related to the Clipboard Master software for Microsoft Windows. A clmlic file stores license.

clms-file-extension
clms-file-description Clipboard Master settings
clms-file-description A clms file extension is associated with the Clipboard Master, a clipboard manager. A clms file stores settings.

cln-file-extension
cln-file-description Microsoft Windows 3.x configuration backup
cln-file-description A cln file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 3.x operating system and used for its configuration backup files.

clo-file-extension
clo-file-description SPSS chalboard file
clo-file-description Files with clo suffix are in most cases found as one of the files (chalkboard.clo) from SPSS statistical software.

cloe-file-extension
cloe-file-description Cloe Ray-Tracer image file
cloe-file-description The cloe extension files are related to Cloe Ray-Tracer program. This program seems to be obsolete but the files are still viewable in XnView MP program.

clog-file-extension
clog-file-description SpreadMaster Client log
clog-file-description A clog file extension is related to the SpreadMaster Client and used for its log files.

clojure-file-extension
clojure-file-description Clojure source code
clojure-file-description A clojure file extension is associated with the Clojure, a programming language. A clojure file contains source code.

clonecd-file-extension
clonecd-file-description CloneCD registration data
clonecd-file-description A clonecd file extension is associated with the CloneCD registration files.

clonedvd-file-extension
clonedvd-file-description CloneDVD registration data
clonedvd-file-description A clonedvd file extension is related to the CloneDVD registration key files.

clonedvdmobile-file-extension
clonedvdmobile-file-description CloneDVD Mobile registration key
clonedvdmobile-file-description Files with clonedvdmobile file extension is related to CloneDVD Mobile software. A *.clonedvdmobile files store registration keys.

cloud-file-extension
cloud-file-description GOM Atos scanner data
cloud-file-description A cloud file extension is related to the GOM Atos 3D digitizer. A cloud files store 3D data.

cloudphotodb-file-extension
cloudphotodb-file-description Apple Photos database
cloudphotodb-file-description A cloudphotodb file extension is related to the Apple Photos and used for its cloud sync database.

cloudphotodb-shm-file-extension
cloudphotodb-shm-file-description Apple Photos database related data
cloudphotodb-shm-file-description A cloudphotodb-shm file extension is related to the Apple Photos and used for its cloud sync database related data.

cloudphotodb-wal-file-extension
cloudphotodb-wal-file-description Apple Photos database
cloudphotodb-wal-file-description A cloudphotodb-wal file extension is related to the Apple Photos and used for its cloud sync database related data.

clp-file-extension
clp-file-description Microsoft Windows clipboard data
clp-file-description A clp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A clp file stores temporary data used by Windows Clipboard service.

clpi-file-extension
clpi-file-description Blu-Ray clip AV stream data
clpi-file-description A clpi file extension is associated with the Blu-Ray clip AV stream file format used to store information about video clip (attribute information and timing information of the stream files).

clpprj-file-extension
clpprj-file-description CodeLobster PHP Edition project
clpprj-file-description A clpprj file extension is associated with the CodeLobster and used for its programming project files.

clr-file-extension
clr-file-description Apple Color Picker palette
clr-file-description A clr file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X Color Picker (macOS Color Picker) palette file format.

clr0-file-extension
clr0-file-description Nintendo Wii color swapping animation file
clr0-file-description The *.clr0 file extension is related to the Nintendo Wii video gaming console and used for its color swapping animation.

cls-file-extension
cls-file-description JavaScript class definition
cls-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe CLS file extension!

clsid-file-extension
clsid-file-description CLSID identifier
clsid-file-description Files with clsid file extension can be used to store a CLSID (Class Identifier).

clsj-file-extension
clsj-file-description Cyberlink PowerDVD data
clsj-file-description A clsj file extension is related to the Cyberlink PowerDVD files.

clt-file-extension
clt-file-description VisualBoyAdvance cheat list
clt-file-description A clt file extension is related to the VisualBoyAdvance, emulator of Nintendo Gameboy and Gameboy Advance. A clt file contains cheat list.

clu-file-extension
clu-file-description Broken Sword 2 dialogue data
clu-file-description A clu file extension is related to the Broken Sword 2, an adventure computer game. A clu file stores dialogs.

clv-file-extension
clv-file-description QIP visible list
clv-file-description A clv file extension is related to the QIP instant messenger. A clv file stores visible list.

clw-file-extension
clw-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ MFC Class Wizard information data
clw-file-description A clw file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++ development tool. A clw file stores MFC Class Wizard information.

clx-file-extension
clx-file-description Adobe standard dictionary file
clx-file-description Files with clx extension are used by many applications developed by the Adobe Systems Incorporated company.

cly-file-extension
cly-file-description CorelDRAW custom layout
cly-file-description A cly file extension is related to the CorelDRAW and used for its custom layout files.

clz-file-extension
clz-file-description Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness game data
clz-file-description Files with clz file extension can be found as game files from Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness.

cm-file-extension
cm-file-description Grand Theft Auto CLEO custom mission file
cm-file-description Files with cm extension are used for CLEO. They contain custom missions for the game GTA:San Andreas.

cm0-file-extension
cm0-file-description Kodak color measurements
cm0-file-description Files with cm0 file extension can be found as color measurements files from Kodak devices.

cm0012-file-extension
cm0012-file-description Western Digital WD TV corrupt data
cm0012-file-description A cm0012 file extension is related to the Western Digital WD TV multimedia device. A cm0012 file probably stores corrupt video data.

cm0013-file-extension
cm0013-file-description Device identify data file
cm0013-file-description Files with cm0013 extension can be typically encountered on hard drivers and other mass storage devices that were accessed through the Finder app in macOS / OS X.

cm10-file-extension
cm10-file-description CaseMap case data
cm10-file-description A cm10 file extension is related to the CaseMap version 10 developed by LexisNexis. A cm10 file stores case data.

cm10rcmlayoutevent-file-extension
cm10rcmlayoutevent-file-description Unknown file extension
cm10rcmlayoutevent-file-description Files with cm10rcmlayoutevent file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cm10rcmlayoutevent.1-file-extension
cm10rcmlayoutevent.1-file-description Unknown file extension
cm10rcmlayoutevent.1-file-description Files with cm10rcmlayoutevent.1 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cm10rcmresourceloader-file-extension
cm10rcmresourceloader-file-description Unknown file extension
cm10rcmresourceloader-file-description Files with cm10rcmresourceloader file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cm12rcmlayoutevent-file-extension
cm12rcmlayoutevent-file-description Unknown file extension
cm12rcmlayoutevent-file-description Files with cm12rcmlayoutevent file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cm12rcmresourceloader-file-extension
cm12rcmresourceloader-file-description Unknown file extension
cm12rcmresourceloader-file-description Files with cm12rcmresourceloader file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cm2-file-extension
cm2-file-description Poser camera set
cm2-file-description A cm2 file extension is related to the Poser a 3D figure design software for Mac and Windows. A cm2 file stores camera settings.

cm3-file-extension
cm3-file-description CaseMap data
cm3-file-description A cm3 file extension is related to the CaseMap and used for its data files.

cm4-file-extension
cm4-file-description ClipMate data file
cm4-file-description Files with cm4 extension are used for the ClipMate program. They include various data for this application.

cm5-file-extension
cm5-file-description LexisNexis case analysis data
cm5-file-description A cm5 file extension is associated with the LexisNexis case analysis data format.

cm8-file-extension
cm8-file-description CaseMap case data
cm8-file-description A cm8 file extension is related to the CaseMap and used for its data files.

cma-file-extension
cma-file-description Applix TM1 database
cma-file-description A cma file extension is related to the Applix TM1 and used for its database files.

cmake-file-extension
cmake-file-description CMake module or script
cmake-file-description Files with cmake extension are mainly related to the CMake and used for its module and script files.

cmap-file-extension
cmap-file-description CmapTools concept map
cmap-file-description A cmap file extension is related to the CmapTools and used for its concept map files.

cmate-file-extension
cmate-file-description ControllerMate configuration
cmate-file-description A cmate file extension is commonly used by ControllerMate program for Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system.

cmb-file-extension
cmb-file-description Xtree for Windows button bar
cmb-file-description A cmb file extension is related to the Xtree for Windows, a file manager for Microsoft Windows. A cmb file stores button bar.

cmbl-file-extension
cmbl-file-description Logger Pro data file
cmbl-file-description A cmbl file extension is associated with the Logger Pro, a data analysis software for Windows and Mac. A cmbl file stores various data.

cmc-file-extension
cmc-file-description Comic Collector collection data file
cmc-file-description Files with cmc suffix are in most cases special collection data files from the Comic Collector software.

cmcsend-file-extension
cmcsend-file-description Unknown file extension
cmcsend-file-description Files with cmcsend file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cmd-file-extension
cmd-file-description Microsoft Windows command script
cmd-file-description Files with cmd extension can e commonly found as command script files from Microsoft Windows operating system. A cmd file stores script used to automate command line operations.

cmdb-file-extension
cmdb-file-description ANSYS CFX mesh database
cmdb-file-description A cmdb file extension is related to the ANSYS CFX mesh database file format.

cmdf-file-extension
cmdf-file-description CrystalMaker data file
cmdf-file-description Files with cmdf extension are used by the CrystalMaker program. They include some default data.

cmdsh-file-extension
cmdsh-file-description Unknown file extension
cmdsh-file-description Files with cmdsh file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cmdt-file-extension
cmdt-file-description Claris dictionary data
cmdt-file-description A cmdt file extension is related to the ClarisWorks and used for its dictionary files.

cmdx-file-extension
cmdx-file-description Clinical Map Document
cmdx-file-description A cmdx file extension is related to the Clinical Map Document format.

cmd_aq-file-extension
cmd_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
cmd_aq-file-description Files with cmd_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cme-file-extension
cme-file-description Crazy Machines level data
cme-file-description A cme file extension is related to the Crazy Machines computer game. A cme file contains level data.

cmf-file-extension
cmf-file-description Creative Labs FM-synthesis music file
cmf-file-description Files with cmf file extension can be found as old FM-synthesis music files from Creative Labs software / sound cards.

cmg-file-extension
cmg-file-description ChessMaster saved game
cmg-file-description A cmg file extension is related to the ChessMaster, a chess computer game for Microsoft Windows. A cmg file contains saved game postion.

cmh-file-extension
cmh-file-description PLINK test report
cmh-file-description A file extension cmh is related to the PLINK software and used for its Ccochran Mantel Haenszel 2x2xK test report.

cmi-file-extension
cmi-file-description Camomile interface data
cmi-file-description A cmi file extension is related the Camomile, an Unicode library for objective caml.

cmk-file-extension
cmk-file-description Card Shop Plus card file
cmk-file-description Files with cmk extension are used for Card Shop Plus. They contain some graphic data.

cml-file-extension
cml-file-description Chemical Markup Language document
cml-file-description A cml file extension is related to the Chemical Markup Language and used for its document files.

cmm-file-extension
cmm-file-description Apple ColorSync CMM file
cmm-file-description Files with cmm extension were used to the ColorSync utility developed by Apple Inc.. They include some data for internal purposes.

cmmcd-file-extension
cmmcd-file-description Camtasia Studio MenuMaker project
cmmcd-file-description A cmmcd file extension is used for Camtasia Studio MenuMaker. A cmmcd file stores project.

cmmp-file-extension
cmmp-file-description Camtasia MenuMaker project
cmmp-file-description A cmmp file extension is related to the Camtasia MenuMaker and used for its project files.

cmmtheme-file-extension
cmmtheme-file-description CleanMyMac theme
cmmtheme-file-description Files with cmmtheme file extension can be found on Mac OS X (macOS) computers as part of the CleanmyMac utility. Contains customized graphics interface for the program.

cmmtpl-file-extension
cmmtpl-file-description Camtasia MenuMaker template
cmmtpl-file-description The cmmtpl file extension is related to the Camtasia MenuMaker and used for its template files.

cmn-file-extension
cmn-file-description Systems Management Server (SMS) update
cmn-file-description A cmn file extension is related to the Systems Management Server (SMS) update file format.

cmo-file-extension
cmo-file-description Spanish Whiz sound
cmo-file-description A cmo file extension is Spanish Whiz, an e-learning program. A cmo file stores sound.

cmod-file-extension
cmod-file-description Celestia model
cmod-file-description Files with cmod file extension can be found as 3D graphics models for Celestia free space simulation program.

cmp-file-extension
cmp-file-description PKWare Compression Library archive
cmp-file-description There are 18 other file types  usingthe CMP file extension!

cmp7-file-extension
cmp7-file-description Araxis Merge comparison data
cmp7-file-description A cmp7 file extension is associated with Araxis Merge application for Windows and Mac.

cmproj-file-extension
cmproj-file-description Camtasia for Mac project
cmproj-file-description A cmproj file extension is related to the Camtasia for Mac. A cmproj file contains video project.

cmp_xml-file-extension
cmp_xml-file-description Solid Edge XML design
cmp_xml-file-description A cmp_xml file extension is related to the Solid Edge developed by Siemens. A cmp_xml file stores wire harness design.

cmr-file-extension
cmr-file-description Coach saved results
cmr-file-description A cmr file extension is related to the Coach and used for its saved results files.

cmrbk-file-extension
cmrbk-file-description CaseMap ReportBook definition file
cmrbk-file-description Files with CMRBK extension might be found as definition data files from CaseMap ReportBook  program.

cmrec-file-extension
cmrec-file-description Camtasia for Mac record
cmrec-file-description A cmrec file extension is related to the Camtasia for Mac and used for its record files.

cms-file-extension
cms-file-description CaseMap case script
cms-file-description Files with cms file extension can be found as case scripts from CaseMap software.

cmt-file-extension
cmt-file-description e-Sword commentary data
cmt-file-description Files with cmt file extension can be mostly found as some kind of commentary files for earlier version of e-Sword bible software.

cmtx-file-extension
cmtx-file-description e-Sword commentary data
cmtx-file-description A cmtx file extension is associated with the e-Sword a Bible study software. A cmtx file stores commentary.

cmu-file-extension
cmu-file-description CMU Window Manager bitmap image
cmu-file-description Files with cmu extension are used by Carnegie Mellon University. They include bitmap image data.

cmv-file-extension
cmv-file-description CorelDRAW CorelMove animation
cmv-file-description A cmv file extension is related to the CorelDRAW CorelMove animation format.

cmw-file-extension
cmw-file-description Microsoft Office Custom Maintenance Wizard data
cmw-file-description A cmw file extension is related to Microsoft Office suite.

cmx-file-extension
cmx-file-description Corel Presentation exchange image
cmx-file-description Files with cmx extension can generally be found mostly as presentations created using the Corel Presentations program.

cmxl-file-extension
cmxl-file-description Microsoft Pivot collection data
cmxl-file-description A cmxl file suffix is related to the Microsoft Pivot collection data format.

cmy-file-extension
cmy-file-description CorelDRAW custom file
cmy-file-description Files with cmy extension are used by CorelDRAW.

cmyk-file-extension
cmyk-file-description Raw cyan, magenta, yellow and black bytes bitmap image
cmyk-file-description Files with cmyk file extension are associated with ImageMagick program.

cmyka-file-extension
cmyka-file-description Raw cyan, magenta, yellow, black, and alpha samples image
cmyka-file-description A cmyka file extension is related to the Raw cyan, magenta, yellow, black, and alpha samples image file format.

cmz-file-extension
cmz-file-description Poser compressed camera set
cmz-file-description A cmz file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D figure design software. A cmz file stores compressed camera set.

cm_-file-extension
cm_-file-description Unknown file extension
cm_-file-description Files with cm_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

cn-file-extension
cn-file-description CNwin/MLwin account data
cn-file-description Files with cn file extension can be account files from CNwin and MLwin engineering programs from Arqui.

cn3-file-extension
cn3-file-description CN3D data
cn3-file-description Files with cn3 file suffix are related to the CN3D data format.

cna-file-extension
cna-file-description Catena project
cna-file-description A cna file extension is related to the Catena program. A cna file stores project.

cnb-file-extension
cnb-file-description Pegasus Mail noticeboard mail stored message
cnb-file-description A cnb file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail noticeboard mail stored message format.

cnc-file-extension
cnc-file-description CNC machine tool path file
cnc-file-description Files with cnc extension can be usually encountered as CAD engineering files saved in CNC machine tool path file format.

cnc3campaign-file-extension
cnc3campaign-file-description Command and Conquer 3 campaign saved game
cnc3campaign-file-description Files with cnc3campaign file extension are saved game positions from Command and Conquer 3 real-time strategy.

cnd-file-extension
cnd-file-description ControlDraw database
cnd-file-description Files with cnd suffix can be mainly found as databases from ControlDraw automation modeling system program.

cndf-file-extension
cndf-file-description Technomate CNDF Channel Editor compressed channel data
cndf-file-description Files with cndf file extension are related to Technomate CNDF Channel Editor. A cndf file stores compressed channel.

cne-file-extension
cne-file-description Unknown file extension
cne-file-description Yet unidentified format.

cnfp-file-extension
cnfp-file-description Nokia Series 40 SD card configuration data
cnfp-file-description A cnfp file extension is related to Nokia Series 40 mobile platform.

cng-file-extension
cng-file-description CryptoNG encrypted data
cng-file-description Files with cng file extension can mostly be found as AES-256 encrypted data encoded by the CryptoNG software.

cni-file-extension
cni-file-description CWBench file
cni-file-description Files with cni extension are used for CWBench application. They contain some data.

cnj-file-extension
cnj-file-description Acharya conjunct data
cnj-file-description A cnj file extension is related to the Acharya conjunct data format.

cnk-file-extension
cnk-file-description Microsoft Dynamics GP chunk file
cnk-file-description Files with cnk suffix may be typically encountered as data chunk files from Microsoft Dynamics GP management solution.

cnm-file-extension
cnm-file-description NoteMap outline file
cnm-file-description Files with cnm suffix are quite often found as outline settings from NoteMap software by Lexis Nexist.

cnn-file-extension
cnn-file-description ADO-network connection configuration data
cnn-file-description A cnn file extension is related to the ADO-network connection configuration file format.

cno-file-extension
cno-file-description INet-Server error description
cno-file-description A cno file extension is related to the INet-Server on-line app. A cno file contains error description.

cnp-file-extension
cnp-file-description Bentley CONNECT project
cnp-file-description A cnp file extension is related to the Bentley CONNECT and used for its project files.

cnq-file-extension
cnq-file-description WebShop Platinum project
cnq-file-description A cnq file extension is related to the WebShop Platinum and used for its project files.

cnr-file-extension
cnr-file-description Pegasus Mail mail message stored in Systemwide folder
cnr-file-description A cnr file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail. A cnr file contains Pegasus Mail mail message stored in Systemwide folder.

cns-file-extension
cns-file-description Windows 2000 Client Connection Manager Export data
cns-file-description An cns file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 2000 and used for exported files from Windows 2000 Client Connection Manager.

cntk-file-extension
cntk-file-description Microsoft Outlook Express contact file
cntk-file-description Files with cntk extension are used by Microsoft Outlook Express program.

cntl-file-extension
cntl-file-description GoCart control data
cntl-file-description A cntl file extension is related to the GoCart, an aerodynamics CFD analysis tool for Windows. A cntl file stores input control data for flowcart.

cnv-file-extension
cnv-file-description Canvas drawing
cnv-file-description Files with cnv extension can be nowadays mostly found as drawings created and saved using the Canvas graphics drawing software.

cnx-file-extension
cnx-file-description Pegasus Mail data
cnx-file-description Files with cnx file extension are related to the Pegasus Mail program for various platforms.

cn_-file-extension
cn_-file-description Unknown file extension
cn_-file-description Files with cn_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

co-file-extension
co-file-description Cobalt 3D model
co-file-description Files with co extension can be usually encountered as 3D models made and saved in Cobalt 3D modeling tool.

coa-file-extension
coa-file-description Caligari trueSpace 3D object
coa-file-description A coa file extension is related to the Caligari trueSpace, a graphics and animation program. A coa file contains 3D object.

cob-file-extension
cob-file-description COBOL programming language source
cob-file-description Files with cob file extension can be usually found as source files or scripts written in COBOL programming language.

cobol-file-extension
cobol-file-description Micro-Focus Cobol data
cobol-file-description A cobol file extension is related to the Micro-Focus Cobol development environment.

coc-file-extension
coc-file-description Bibexcel data
coc-file-description Files with coc file extension can be usually found as data files from Bibexcel bibliographic analysis tool.

cod-file-extension
cod-file-description Blackberry compiled Java code
cod-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe COD file extension!

codaplugin-file-extension
codaplugin-file-description Coda for Mac plugin
codaplugin-file-description Files with codaplugin file extension might be found as plugins for the Coda version 2 developing tool.

codasite-file-extension
codasite-file-description Coda for Mac web project file
codasite-file-description Detailed description

codecs-file-extension
codecs-file-description Video codec
codecs-file-description A codecs file extension is related to the Video compressors or decompressors (codecs).

coded-file-extension
coded-file-description Anubis ransomware affected file
coded-file-description Files with coded suffix are found as encrypted files with extension changed by the Anubis ransomware.

coe-file-extension
coe-file-description Xilinx BRAM initialization
coe-file-description A coe file extension is related to the Xilinx BRAM (Block RAM) initialization data.

cof-file-extension
cof-file-description AutoDesk data
cof-file-description A cof file extension is associated with Autodesk apps, like AutoCAD etc. A cof file stores data in ASCII format.

coffee-file-extension
coffee-file-description CoffeeScript script
coffee-file-description Files with coffee file extension can mainly be found as script written in the Coffee language.

cog-file-extension
cog-file-description SolidWorks compiled log
cog-file-description A cog file is related to compiled log files used by SolidWorks software.

cok-file-extension
cok-file-description Carmageddon patch file
cok-file-description Files with cam suffix can be mostly found as old patch files for Carmageddon computer game.

col-file-extension
col-file-description Autodesk color palette
col-file-description There are 13 other file types  usingthe COL file extension!

cola-file-extension
cola-file-description Cola source code file
cola-file-description Files with cola extension are used by Cola compiler. They are used as a source code files.

collab-file-extension
collab-file-description Collaborate collaboration data
collab-file-description A collab file extension is related to the Collaborate software from Blackboard. A .collab file stores recorded collaboration.

collection-file-extension
collection-file-description Font collection cache
collection-file-description A collection file extension is related to the macOS (OS X) and used for its font collection cache.

collisionmesh-file-extension
collisionmesh-file-description Battlefield collision mesh
collisionmesh-file-description A collisionmesh file extension is related to the Battlefield 2, a first person shooter computer game. A collisionmesh file stores collision mesh.

colloquytranscript-file-extension
colloquytranscript-file-description Colloquy chat transcript file
colloquytranscript-file-description Detailed description

color-file-extension
color-file-description Amaya configuration data
color-file-description A color file extension is related to the Amaya and used for its configuration data.

colorpicker-file-extension
colorpicker-file-description Apple Mac OS X color picker component
colorpicker-file-description Files with colorpicker extension are used by Apple Mac OS X system files. They adds you some options to the Color Picker program.

colors-file-extension
colors-file-description SAM makelogo color data
colors-file-description Files with colors file extension are used for SAM (Sequence Alignment and Modeling system). They store color data files.

colourscheme-file-extension
colourscheme-file-description J&ASoft Speedy Browser color scheme settings
colourscheme-file-description A colourscheme file extension is related to the J&ASoft Speedy Browser. A .colourscheme file contains color scheme settings.

colr-file-extension
colr-file-description Kaleidoscope scheme
colr-file-description A colr file extension is related to the Kaleidoscope, an older user interface customization application for Mac.

colz-file-extension
colz-file-description Adobe Collage moodboard data
colz-file-description A colz file extension is related to the Adobe Collage software for Android system. A colz file contains moodboard data.

comfycakessave-ms-file-extension
comfycakessave-ms-file-description Comfy Cakes saved game file
comfycakessave-ms-file-description The comfycakessave-ms extension files are used by Comfy Cakes Windows Vista computer game.

comicdoc-file-extension
comicdoc-file-description Comic Life document
comicdoc-file-description Files with comicdoc extension can be found as comic book documents prepared using Comic Life software.

comiclife-file-extension
comiclife-file-description Comic Life document
comiclife-file-description A comiclife file extension is related to the Comic Life program and used for its documents.

comicstl-file-extension
comicstl-file-description Comic Life stylesheet
comicstl-file-description A comicstl file extension is related to the Comic Life stylesheet format.

comictpl-file-extension
comictpl-file-description Comic Life template
comictpl-file-description A comictpl file extension is related to the Comic Life software. A comictpl file contains template.

command-file-extension
command-file-description macOS Terminal script
command-file-description A command file extension is related to the OS X Terminal, a terminal emulator installed in OS X. A command file contains script.

commanderdoc-file-extension
commanderdoc-file-description Apple Qmaster file
commanderdoc-file-description Detailed description

commandline-file-extension
commandline-file-description Unknown file extension
commandline-file-description Files with commandline file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

common-file-extension
common-file-description Unix script
common-file-description A common file extension is related to the Unix and Unix-based operating systems. A common file contains script.

comms-file-extension
comms-file-description Adobe Serial and Parallel Communications Protocol file
comms-file-description Files with comms extension are associated with Adobe Serial and Parallel Communications Protocol data. They were used by some older printing software.

comp-file-extension
comp-file-description CodeWarrior Compiler data
comp-file-description A comp file extension is related to the CodeWarrior Compiler a source code compiling tool. A comp file stores some kind of data used by CodeWarrior Compiler.

comparison-file-extension
comparison-file-description Merge comparison report
comparison-file-description A comparison file extension is related to the Merge software and used for its comparison report.

comparison7-file-extension
comparison7-file-description Araxis Merge comparison data
comparison7-file-description A comparison7 file extension is associated with the Araxis Merge software for Windows and Mac.

compiled-file-extension
compiled-file-description Plants vs. Zombies compiled game resource
compiled-file-description A compiled file extension is related to the Plants vs. Zombies video game. A .compiled file stores game resource.

complete-file-extension
complete-file-description SendSafe deciphered e-message
complete-file-description A complete file extension is related to the SendSafe deciphered e-message format.

compo-file-extension
compo-file-description DAZ 3D Carrara Pro 7 or 8 temporary file
compo-file-description Files with compo extension are used by DIZ 3D Carrara Pro software.

cuce-file-extension
cuce-file-description CU-SeeM file
cuce-file-description Detailed description

cud-file-extension
cud-file-description ChmUpDate data
cud-file-description The cud file extension is related to the ChmUpDate data format.

cudt-file-extension
cudt-file-description Claris user dictionary file
cudt-file-description Detailed description

cuf-file-extension
cuf-file-description Turbo C Utilities form definition data
cuf-file-description Files with cuf file extension are used for Turbo C. They include utilities form file definition.

cuh-file-extension
cuh-file-description CUDA header
cuh-file-description A cuh file extension is related to the CUDA header files.

cui-file-extension
cui-file-description AutoCAD customization data
cui-file-description Files with cui file extension might be found as special customizable settings for Autodesk AutoCAD and 3ds max (3D Studio Max).

cuid-file-extension
cuid-file-description Baidu.cuid data
cuid-file-description Files with cuid file extension can be often found on Android devices and appear to be related to Baidu service.

cuid2-file-extension
cuid2-file-description Baidu.cuid2 data
cuid2-file-description Files with cuid2 file extension can be often found on Android devices and appear to be related to Baidu service.

cuix-file-extension
cuix-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD custom user interface
cuix-file-description A cuix file extension is related to the Autodesk AutoCAD and used for its custom interface settings files.

cuj-file-extension
cuj-file-description Personal Backup data
cuj-file-description A cuj file extension is related to the Personal Backup application for Microsoft Windows.

cul-file-extension
cul-file-description IconForge ImageForge cursor library
cul-file-description A cul file extension is related to the IconForge icon editing app. A cul file contains cursor library.

culist-file-extension
culist-file-description PC Pr@xis update list
culist-file-description A culist file extension is associated with the PC Pr@xis update list file format.

cuo-file-extension
cuo-file-description CUDA object
cuo-file-description Files with cuo file extension are associated with the CUDA objects.

cup-file-extension
cup-file-description SeeYou waypoint
cup-file-description A cup file extension is related to the SeeYou a navigation software and used for its waypoint files.

cur-file-extension
cur-file-description Windows cursor
cur-file-description A cur file extension is related to the mouse cursor image format used by Microsoft Windows. A cur file stores  mouse cursor (mouse pointer).

curl-file-extension
curl-file-description URL links curl
curl-file-description A curl file extension is related to the URL links curl. Probably obsolete file format.

current-file-extension
current-file-description WhatsApp Messenger encrypted message database
current-file-description A current file extension is related to the WhatsApp Messenger encrypted message database files.

cursemod-file-extension
cursemod-file-description Curse Client mod
cursemod-file-description Files with cursemod file extension are modifications for the Curse Client add-on manager for computer games.

cursor-file-extension
cursor-file-description Sun cursor
cursor-file-description A cursor file extension is related to the Sun cursor format.

cursorfx-file-extension
cursorfx-file-description CursorFX cursor theme
cursorfx-file-description Files with the cursorfx extension can be mostly found as cursor themes made using the CursorFX Windows cursor customizer.

curxptheme-file-extension
curxptheme-file-description CursorFX theme
curxptheme-file-description Files with curxtheme file extension might be usually found as themes made using the CursorFX program by Stardock.

cus-file-extension
cus-file-description AutoCAD custom dictionary
cus-file-description A cus file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a CAD and CAM software. A cus file contains custom dictionary.

cust-file-extension
cust-file-description QuarkXPress for Mac data
cust-file-description A cust file extension is related to the QuarkXPress for Mac data format.

customdestinations-ms-file-extension
customdestinations-ms-file-description Windows jump list
customdestinations-ms-file-description Files with customdestinations-ms extension are one of the system files in Windows. They are used for indexing and history purposes.

cut-file-extension
cut-file-description Dr. Halo bitmap format
cut-file-description A cut file extension is related to the Dr. Halo bitmap format used by Dr. Halo application. Dr. Halo is obsolete product.

cutecutproject-file-extension
cutecutproject-file-description Cute Cut project
cutecutproject-file-description Files with cutecutproject file extension are projects saved in the Cute Cut movie maker program.

cuts-file-extension
cuts-file-description Recorded video cuts
cuts-file-description Files with cuts file extension can be mostly found along with recorded videos and contain addition cuts metadata.

cuv-file-extension
cuv-file-description Origin sample curve data
cuv-file-description A cuv file extension is related to the Origin, a data analysis and graphing app. A cuv file contains sample curve.

cu_-file-extension
cu_-file-description Microsoft Windows Winhelp compressed data
cu_-file-description Files with cu_ file extension could be in the past found as compressed files from Microsoft WinHelp platform.

cv-file-extension
cv-file-description Corel Versions archive
cv-file-description Files with cv suffix may perhaps be found in old Corel Versions program as its default archives.

cv2-file-extension
cv2-file-description Adobe Audition data
cv2-file-description An cv2 file extension is related to the Adobe Audition and used for its data files.

cv4-file-extension
cv4-file-description Microsoft CodeView graphics
cv4-file-description A cv4 file extension is related to the Microsoft CodeView debugging tool. A cv4 file contains some kind of graphics.

cv5-file-extension
cv5-file-description Canvas 5 drawing
cv5-file-description A cv5 file extension is related to the Canvas version 5. A cv5 file stores drawing.

cva-file-extension
cva-file-description HP PC Hardware Diagnostics settings
cva-file-description Files with cva file extension are related to the HP PC Hardware Diagnostics tools. A cva file contains settings.

cvb-file-extension
cvb-file-description Borland database engine internationalization data
cvb-file-description A cvb file extension is related to the Borland database engine internationalization file format.

cvc-file-extension
cvc-file-description cVideo data
cvc-file-description Files with cvc file extension can be mostly found as videos recorded with cVideo security cameras.

cvd-file-extension
cvd-file-description Calamus vector picture
cvd-file-description A cvd file extension is related to Calamus frame based layout system. A cvd file stores vector picture.

cvf-file-extension
cvf-file-description CPU-Z validation data
cvf-file-description Files with cvf file extension can mainly be found as validation files from CPU-Z utility.

cvg-file-extension
cvg-file-description Calamus vector image file format
cvg-file-description Files with cvg suffix are vector graphics files created and used in the Calamus page layout and desktop publishing system.

cvi-file-extension
cvi-file-description CassiniVision map image
cvi-file-description A cvi file extension is related to the CassiniVision, French image viewing program.

cvj-file-extension
cvj-file-description Cabinet Vision Solid job document
cvj-file-description A cvj file extension is related to the Cabinet Vision Solid job document format.

cvl-file-extension
cvl-file-description Coastal Vector Listing file format
cvl-file-description A cvl file extension is related to the Coastal Vector Listing file format.

cvm-file-extension
cvm-file-description Odin Sphere data
cvm-file-description A cvm file extension is related to the Odin Sphere video game. A cvm file stores game data.

cvn-file-extension
cvn-file-description Sonic CineVision encoding session file
cvn-file-description Files with cvn extension are used by CineVision program developed by Roxio company. They include list of media files which are meant to be burned on a CD/DVD medium.

cvp-file-extension
cvp-file-description WinFax cover page
cvp-file-description A cvp file extension is related to the WinFax and used for its cover page files.

cvr-file-extension
cvr-file-description Microsoft Office/Outlook crash report
cvr-file-description Files with cvr extension can also be found as crash reports generated by some of the programs from Microsoft Office bundle, like the Outlook. Generated when the program encounters errors and closes unexpectedly.

cvs-file-extension
cvs-file-description CVS and VMS sound (continuous variable slope)
cvs-file-description A cvs file extension is related to the CVS and VMS sound (continuous variable slope).

cvsd-file-extension
cvsd-file-description CVSD audio
cvsd-file-description A cvsd file extension is related to the Continuously Variable Slope Delta Modulation Audio format.

cvsignore-file-extension
cvsignore-file-description Eclipse CVS settings
cvsignore-file-description A cvsignore file extension is related to the Eclipse, an integrated development tool for various platforms. A cvsignore file contains CVS settings.

cvsrc-file-extension
cvsrc-file-description TortoiseCVS CVS command file
cvsrc-file-description The CVSRC file extension is related to the TortoiseCVS and used for its command files.

cvt-file-extension
cvt-file-description dBASE IV backup
cvt-file-description Files with cvt file suffix are related to the dBASE IV backups or ConVerTed database data.

cvu-file-extension
cvu-file-description CVSD unfiltered audio
cvu-file-description A cvu file extension is related to the CVSD (continuously variable slope delta modulation) unfiltered audio file format.

cvw-file-extension
cvw-file-description CaseView document
cvw-file-description A cvw file extension is associated with the CaseView software. A cvw file stores document.

cvx-file-extension
cvx-file-description Canvas drawing
cvx-file-description Files with cvx extension might be found as technical drawings saved using ACD Systems Canvas.

cvz-file-extension
cvz-file-description Card Vault inventory data
cvz-file-description Files with cvz file extension might be found as inventory files from Card Vault.

cw-file-extension
cw-file-description CardWorks business card template
cw-file-description Files with cw suffix may be found as business card template data files from CardWorks tool for Windows.

cw1-file-extension
cw1-file-description Creeper World game map
cw1-file-description A cw1 file extension is related to the Creeper World computer game. A cw1 file stores game map.

cw2-file-extension
cw2-file-description Creeper World 2 game map
cw2-file-description A cw2 file extension is related to the Creeper World 2 video game. A cw2 file stores game map.

cw3-file-extension
cw3-file-description Crossword Construction Kit puzzle group
cw3-file-description A cw3 file extension is related to the Crossword Construction Kit puzzle group format.

cw7-file-extension
cw7-file-description COMPRESS related data
cw7-file-description Files with cw7 file extension are mainly related to COMPRESS pressure vessels design software.

cwa-file-extension
cwa-file-description Castelware Inventory hardware or software audit data
cwa-file-description Files with cwa file extension can mainly be found as part of Casteware CW-Inventory program.

cwb-file-extension
cwb-file-description Sonar project archive file
cwb-file-description Files with cwb extension are used for the Sonar software. They contain audio data.

cwc-file-extension
cwc-file-description ClarisWorks color palette
cwc-file-description A cwc file extension is related to the ClarisWorks and used for its color palette files.

cwd-file-extension
cwd-file-description QNonograms puzzle
cwd-file-description A cwd file extension is related to the QNonograms and used for its puzzle files.

cwdb-file-extension
cwdb-file-description ClarisWorks database
cwdb-file-description A cwdb file extension is related to the ClarisWorks and used for its database files.

cwe-file-extension
cwe-file-description Crossword Express file
cwe-file-description Files with cwe extension are used by the Crossword Express application. They include some data for internal purposes.

cwf-file-extension
cwf-file-description CorelDRAW workspace settings
cwf-file-description A cwf file extension is related to the CorelDraw and used for its workspace settings.

cwg-file-extension
cwg-file-description Castle of the Winds data
cwg-file-description A cwg file extension is related to the Castle of the Winds computer game. A .cwg file contains some kind of game data.

cwgr-file-extension
cwgr-file-description ClarisWorks drawing file
cwgr-file-description Detailed description

cwie-file-extension
cwie-file-description CodeWarrior file
cwie-file-description Detailed description

cwk-file-extension
cwk-file-description ClarisWorks document
cwk-file-description Files with cwk extension may be found as old documents made using now discontinued program for Mac called ClarisWorks.

cwks-file-extension
cwks-file-description ClarisWorks file
cwks-file-description Detailed description

cwl-file-extension
cwl-file-description ClarisWorks library
cwl-file-description A cwl file extension is related to the ClarisWorks and used for its library files.

cwlink-file-extension
cwlink-file-description CodeWarrior file
cwlink-file-description Detailed description

cwm-file-extension
cwm-file-description WebSphere Map Designer Express map definition
cwm-file-description Files with cwm file extension are typically found as some kind of map definitions from the Map Designer app of WebSphere software.

cwms-file-extension
cwms-file-description CompeGPS Land remote map
cwms-file-description A cwms file extension is related to the CompeGPS Land a GIS and GPS navigation software. A cwms file stores remote map data.

cwn-file-extension
cwn-file-description Chord Notation Editor: Cifraweb notations data
cwn-file-description A cwn file extension is related to the Chord Notation Editor: Cifraweb. A cwn file contains notation.

cwp-file-extension
cwp-file-description Cakewalk Sonar audio project
cwp-file-description A cwp file extension is related to the Cakewalk Sonar and used for its audio project files.

cwpt-file-extension
cwpt-file-description ClarisWorks Painting drawing file
cwpt-file-description Detailed description

cwr-file-extension
cwr-file-description Crystal Reports report
cwr-file-description A cwr file extension is related to the Crystal Reports and used for its report files.

cws-file-extension
cws-file-description ClarisWorks document template
cws-file-description Files with cws suffix can be found as document templates for old ClarisWorks productivity suite.

cwss-file-extension
cwss-file-description ClarisWorks spreadsheet
cwss-file-description A cwss file extension is related to the ClarisWorks. A cwss file contains spreadsheet.

cwt-file-extension
cwt-file-description ClarisWorks texture
cwt-file-description A cwt file extension is related to ClarisWorks and it is used for its texture files.

cww-file-extension
cww-file-description Crossword Weaver data
cww-file-description A cww file extension is related to the Crossword Weaver program. A cww file contains data.

cwwp-file-extension
cwwp-file-description ClarisWorks document file
cwwp-file-description Detailed description

cwx-file-extension
cwx-file-description Sonar track template
cwx-file-description Files with cwx file extension can be found as track templates for Cakewalk Sonar audio software.

cwy-file-extension
cwy-file-description Songtrix style
cwy-file-description Files with cwy file extension are related to the Songtrix software and used for its style configurations.

cwz-file-extension
cwz-file-description Circuit Wizard circuit design
cwz-file-description A cwz file extension is related to the Circuit Wizard CAD/CAM a PCB designing tool from New Wave Concepts Limited.

cw_-file-extension
cw_-file-description CorelDRAW workspace
cw_-file-description A cw_ file extension is related to the CorelDRAW, a vector graphics editor. A cw_ file stores workspace.

cx-file-extension
cx-file-description CodeMapper script
cx-file-description Files with cx file extension are related to the CodeMapper and used for its scripts.

cx3-file-extension
cx3-file-description CMS video data
cx3-file-description A cx3 file extension is related to the CMS (Central Manager System) application. A cx3 file stores video data.

cxa-file-extension
cxa-file-description ANSYS Fluent animation metadata
cxa-file-description A cxa file extension is related to the ANSYS Fluent animation metadata file format.

cxarchive-file-extension
cxarchive-file-description CrossOver bottle file
cxarchive-file-description Files with cxarchive file extension can be found as called "bottles" from CrossOver emulation program.

cxb-file-extension
cxb-file-description Custody X Change data file
cxb-file-description Files with cxb extension are used for the Custody X Change program.

cxbml-file-extension
cxbml-file-description Business Process Modeler model
cxbml-file-description A cxbml file extension is related to the Business Process Modeler program and used for its business model format.

cxc-file-extension
cxc-file-description Custody X Change data
cxc-file-description Files with cxc file extension are related to the Custody X Change data format.

cxd-file-extension
cxd-file-description SimplePCI graphics data
cxd-file-description A cxd file extension is related to the SimplePCI images processing software and used for its graphics data files.

cxe-file-extension
cxe-file-description Common XML Envelope data
cxe-file-description Files with cxe file extension can be found as so called Common XML Envelopes.

cxf-file-extension
cxf-file-description Google Picasa collage
cxf-file-description A cxf file extension is associated with the Google Picasa, an application that allows users to organize, edit and share photos. A cxf file stores photo collage.

cxi-file-extension
cxi-file-description Coherent X-Ray image
cxi-file-description A cxi file extension is associated with the Coherent X-Ray Image Data Bank format.

cxl-file-extension
cxl-file-description Business Integrator extract schema
cxl-file-description A cxl file extension is related to the Business Integrator developed by Pervasive Software Inc.

cxm-file-extension
cxm-file-description QuadColor color correction master data
cxm-file-description A cxm file extension is related QuadColor color correction master file format.

cxml-file-extension
cxml-file-description Microsoft Silverlight server side data
cxml-file-description Files with cxml extension are from Microsoft Silverlight and used for its server side data files, a special formatted XML file used to transport data on server side part of Silverlight application.

cxn-file-extension
cxn-file-description Conexant driver
cxn-file-description A cxn file extension is related to Conexant modems and used for their driver files.

cxo-file-extension
cxo-file-description CXInsight export data
cxo-file-description A cxo file extension is related to the CXInsight and used for its export files.

cxp-file-extension
cxp-file-description Omron CX Programmer data
cxp-file-description Files with cxp file extension can be mainly found as PLC programs made by Omron CX-Programmer.

cxq-file-extension
cxq-file-description SillyDl.CXQ downloading trojan data
cxq-file-description A cxq file extension is related to the SillyDl.CXQ downloading trojan files.

cxr-file-extension
cxr-file-description CX-Programmer settings
cxr-file-description A cxr file extension is related to CX-Programmer programs development environment. A cxr file stores settings.

cxs-file-extension
cxs-file-description ConciseXML format file
cxs-file-description Files with cxs extension are used  by ConciseXML. It is a free to use file format as it is open sourced file format.

cxt-file-extension
cxt-file-description Adobe Director protected cast data
cxt-file-description Files with cxt extension are in most cases protected video cast data from Adobe Director multimedia authoring software for Windows and Mac.

cxv-file-extension
cxv-file-description Custody X Change data
cxv-file-description Files with cxv file extension might be found as part of Custody X Change custody agreements management software.

cxx-file-extension
cxx-file-description C++ main source code file format
cxx-file-description Files with cxx file extension can be most often encountered as source codes formatted and saved using the C++ language.

cya-file-extension
cya-file-description Cyana macro
cya-file-description Files with cya file suffix are associated with the Cyana software. A cya file contains macro.

cyberducklicense-file-extension
cyberducklicense-file-description Cyberduck for Mac license
cyberducklicense-file-description A cyberducklicense file extension is related to the Cyberduck for Mac. A cyberducklicense file contains license data.

cyberduckprofile-file-extension
cyberduckprofile-file-description Cyberduck connection profile
cyberduckprofile-file-description A cyberduckprofile file extension is associated with the Cyberduck connection profile format.

cyg-file-extension
cyg-file-description Pollux data
cyg-file-description A cyg file extension is associated with the Pollux from CyGem, LTD. A cyg file stores some kind of data used by Pollux.

cyi-file-extension
cyi-file-description Clustify input file
cyi-file-description Detailed description

cyl-file-extension
cyl-file-description Ribbons cylinder data
cyl-file-description A cyl file extension is associated with the Ribbons and used for its cylinder files.

cyo-file-extension
cyo-file-description Clustify output data
cyo-file-description A cyo file extension is related to the Clustify, a text analytics program. A .cyo file contains output data.

cyp-file-extension
cyp-file-description Ashampoo Home Designer Pro project
cyp-file-description Files with cyp file extension may also be found as special projects made and saved using Ashampoo Home Designer Pro software.

cyr-file-extension
cyr-file-description Crysis game level
cyr-file-description Files with cyr file extension are game levels for the Crysis first-person shooter.

cys-file-extension
cys-file-description Clustify summary statistics file
cys-file-description Files with cys extension are used by Clustify application.

cyt-file-extension
cyt-file-description Yenka simulation data
cyt-file-description Files with cyt file extension are associated with the Yenka simulation data format.

cyw-file-extension
cyw-file-description Rbot.CYW worm data
cyw-file-description A cyw file extension is related to the Rbot.CYW malware for Microsoft Windows.

cz-file-extension
cz-file-description Czech language translation
cz-file-description Files with cz extension can be most often encountered as localization of translation files with Czech language.

czar-file-extension
czar-file-description Cherwell archive repository
czar-file-description Files with czar file extension are related to the Cherwell archive repository format.

czd-file-extension
czd-file-description The Crash Zone drawing
czd-file-description Files with czd file extension can be found as drawings made in The Crash Zone program.

cze-file-extension
cze-file-description Czech language localization
cze-file-description Files with cze extension are usually used for Czech language localization data files.

czi-file-extension
czi-file-description Zeiss CZI microscope image
czi-file-description Files with czi file extension can be typically found as special images saved by the Zeiss CZI microscopes. Contains the image with additional metadata.

czip-file-extension
czip-file-description ZG encrypted zip archive
czip-file-description Files with czip file extension can be found as zip encrypted archives created using the ZipGenius archiving tool.

czn-file-extension
czn-file-description RMCProfile atom list
czn-file-description A czn file extension is associated with the RMCProfile and used for its atom list.

czp-file-extension
czp-file-description ClozePro quiz archive
czp-file-description Files with czp extension may be usually found as test or quiz archives from ClozePro education software.

czsdp-file-extension
czsdp-file-description ZEN Display settings
czsdp-file-description Files with czsdp extension can be found as display setting files from netScope software. Used to quickly transfer settings from one image to another.

czvxce-file-extension
czvxce-file-description Coverton ransomware affected file
czvxce-file-description Files with czvxce suffix can be found as encrypted and renamed files affected by a variant of Coverton ransomware.

c_-file-extension
c_-file-description Microsoft Winhelp compressed data
c_-file-description A c_ file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Winhelp and used for its compressed data.

c__-file-extension
c__-file-description C++ source code
c__-file-description A c__ file extension is related to files with C++ source code.

daa-file-extension
daa-file-description PowerISO Direct-Access-Archive
daa-file-description Files with daa extension are disk images in a proprietary format used by PowerISO similar to ISO format. DAA images can only be accessed with PowerISO, no other programs support them. They can be however converted to common ISO files with the DAA2ISO utility.

dao-file-extension
dao-file-description Disk at Once CD/DVD image
dao-file-description A dao file extension is related to same utilities, like UltraISO, ISOBuster etc. A dao file store image at the Disk at Once - format.

dash-file-extension
dash-file-description Dynamic Adaptive Streaming over HTTP video

dat-file-extension
dat-file-description Program data

db-file-extension
db-file-description Database file

dbf-file-extension
dbf-file-description Common database

dbk-file-extension
dbk-file-description Sony Ericsson mobile phone backup

dbx-file-extension
dbx-file-description Microsoft Outlook Express e-mail folder

dcr-file-extension
dcr-file-description Kodak Digital Camera Raw Image Format

dct-file-extension
dct-file-description Spell checking dictionary data

dds-file-extension
dds-file-description DirectDraw surface data

deb-file-extension
deb-file-description Debian Linux package

deskthemepack-file-extension
deskthemepack-file-description Microsoft Windows theme pack
deskthemepack-file-description A deskthemepack file extension is used for desktop themes in Windows 8 and Windows 10 operating systems that support multi-monitor systems.

dff-file-extension
dff-file-description Grand Theft Auto III model

dgn-file-extension
dgn-file-description MicroStation drawing

dib-file-extension
dib-file-description Device-Independent bitmap graphics
dib-file-description Files with dib suffix can be mainly found as graphics images in the Device-Independent Bitmap format.

dic-file-extension
dic-file-description Dictionary

djvu-file-extension
djvu-file-description DjVu image
djvu-file-description A djvu file extension is used for a special image and document file format called DjVu. Typically used for image documents because it can achieve much lower file sizes, compared to other image formats with text, such as JPEG.

dll-file-extension
dll-file-description Dynamic Link Library

dmg-file-extension
dmg-file-description Apple Mac disk image

dmp-file-extension
dmp-file-description Memory dump, screen dump, junk files

dng-file-extension
dng-file-description Adobe Digital Negative

doc-file-extension
doc-file-description Microsoft Word document (prior version 2007)

docm-file-extension
docm-file-description Microsoft Word Open XML macro-enabled document
docm-file-description A docm file extension is used for default macro-enabled document format of latest versions of Microsoft Word. Such documents may contain additional VBA scripts or macros, that enhance some functions of the Word document.

docx-file-extension
docx-file-description Microsoft Word Open XML document
docx-file-description Files with docx file extension are documents written and saved using Microsoft Word word processor edition 2007 or later. DOCX format replaced the previously used DOC format, moving from a binary files to Open XML schema based documents. Supported in almost every modern word processing tools.

dot-file-extension
dot-file-description Microsoft Word document template (up to Microsoft Word 2003 version)

dotm-file-extension
dotm-file-description Microsoft Word Open XML macro-enabled document template
dotm-file-description A dotm file extension is related to Microsoft Word 2007 and later. A dotm file stores Open XML macro-enabled document template.

dotx-file-extension
dotx-file-description Microsoft Word XML document template
dotx-file-description A dotx file extension is used for a main open XML document template format of Microsoft Word. Templates are generally used to save predefined look and settings of documents for quick creation of documents that have same look. DOTX format is a successor to previously used DOT format. Some other word processors are also able to open dotx files, however they wont probably use most of the Microsoft Word specific formatting.

download-file-extension
download-file-description Chrome partial download

drv-file-extension
drv-file-description Microsoft Windows device driver

drw-file-extension
drw-file-description Vector drawing

dump-file-extension
dump-file-description Dump data

dvf-file-extension
dvf-file-description Sony DV voice data
dvf-file-description Files with dvf extension can be found as audio files in a proprietary compressed voice format used in dictation recorders made by Sony. Digital Voice Editor software can export the *.dvf files to WAV format.

dvr-file-extension
dvr-file-description Microsoft Windows XP Media Center TV recording

dwfx-file-extension
dwfx-file-description Autodesk Design Web Format
dwfx-file-description Files with dwfx extension are pretty much always CAD files in Autodesk Design Web Format. These are used by various Autodesk applications for distribution and communication of rich design data to anyone who needs to view, review, or print design files.

dwg-file-extension
dwg-file-description AutoCAD drawing

dxf-file-extension
dxf-file-description AutoCAD DXF Drawing Exchange Format

d-file-extension
d-file-description D Programming Language source code
d-file-description Files with d file extension may be typically found as source code files written in the D Programming Language.

d%24%24-file-extension
d%24%24-file-description Gargoyle interactive fiction story
d%24%24-file-description A d$$ file extension is associated with the Gargoyle, an interactive fiction stories reader.

d00-file-extension
d00-file-description Adlib/Edlib sound
d00-file-description Files with d00 file extension might be old audio files in one of the Adlib or Edlib formats.

d01-file-extension
d01-file-description MicroSim PCBoard NC drill data
d01-file-description A d01 file extension is related to MicroSim PCBoard and used for its drill data files.

d02-file-extension
d02-file-description Fahrenheit game file
d02-file-description Files with d02 extension are used for Fahrenheit computer game. They include some game data.

d03-file-extension
d03-file-description Fahrenheit game data
d03-file-description A d03 file extension is related to the Fahrenheit (Indigo Prophecy) and used for its game data.

d05-file-extension
d05-file-description MicroSim PCBoard NC drill data
d05-file-description A d05 file extension is related to the MicroSim PCBoard also known as OrCAD PCB Designer. A d05 file contains drill data.

d07-file-extension
d07-file-description MicroSim PCBoard NC drill data
d07-file-description A d07 file extension is related to the OrCAD PCB Designer. A d07 file contains drill data.

d08-file-extension
d08-file-description MicroSim PCBoard NC drill data
d08-file-description A d08 file extension is related to the MicroSim PCBoard NC drill data file format.

d1-file-extension
d1-file-description Progress database
d1-file-description A d1 file extension is related to Progress database file format used by various apps, such as ObjectStore, OpenEdge, etc.

d10-file-extension
d10-file-description IRIG 106 recording directory
d10-file-description A d10 file extension is related to the IRIG 106 and used for its recording directory.

d11-file-extension
d11-file-description Macro Mania data file
d11-file-description Files with d11 extension are used for the Macro Mania utility. They include internal purposes data.

d12-file-extension
d12-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data
d12-file-description Files with d12 file extension are related to the HERE Maps for Android map data.

d14-file-extension
d14-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data
d14-file-description Files with d14 file extension are related to the HERE Maps for Android map data.

d15-file-extension
d15-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data
d15-file-description Files with d15 file extension are related to the HERE Maps for Android map data.

d16-file-extension
d16-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data
d16-file-description A d16 file extension is associated with the HERE Maps for Android map data.

d1l-file-extension
d1l-file-description Unknown file extension
d1l-file-description Files with d1l file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

d2-file-extension
d2-file-description Progress database
d2-file-description A d2 file extension is related to Progress database file format.

d2a-file-extension
d2a-file-description Avisynth MPAsource plugin scan data
d2a-file-description A file extension d2a is related to the Avisynth MPAsource plugin, used to normalize output audio.

d2ct-file-extension
d2ct-file-description Disinfectant for Mac file
d2ct-file-description Detailed description

d2d-file-extension
d2d-file-description 3D Fassade Plus CAD data
d2d-file-description Files with d2d file extension can be found as CAD files from 3D Fassade Plus program. Seems like old.

d2h-file-extension
d2h-file-description Diablo II Hack It module
d2h-file-description Files with d2h file extension can be found as module files from Diablo II Hack It program.

d2i-file-extension
d2i-file-description ATMA Diablo II data
d2i-file-description Files with d2i file extension can be found as item data files for ATMA program for managing Diablo 2 character inventory.

d2j-file-extension
d2j-file-description d2jsp script
d2j-file-description A d2j file extension is related to the d2jsp script files. Probably obsolete.

d2p-file-extension
d2p-file-description Diablo 2 packet data
d2p-file-description Files with d2p file extension are related to the Diablo 2, an RPG video game from Blizzard. A d2p file contains packet data.

d2s-file-extension
d2s-file-description Diablo II saved map seed data
d2s-file-description A d2s file extension is related to the Diablo II hack and slash fantasy RPG game. A d2s file contains saved map seed data.

d2v-file-extension
d2v-file-description DGIndex project
d2v-file-description A d2v file extension is associated with the DGIndex project format.

d2x-file-extension
d2x-file-description Diablo 2 stash data
d2x-file-description Files with d2x file extension are Diablo II stash file. One of the game's main file types.

d31-file-extension
d31-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data
d31-file-description A d31 file extension is related to the HERE Maps for Android map data.

d32-file-extension
d32-file-description Lotus visualisation data
d32-file-description Files with d32 file extension might be found as part of old IBM Lotus suite.

d33-file-extension
d33-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data
d33-file-description A d33 file extension is associated with the HERE Maps for Android map data.

d34-file-extension
d34-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data
d34-file-description Files with d34 file extension are associated with the HERE Maps for Android map data.

d35-file-extension
d35-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data
d35-file-description A d35 file extension is related to the HERE Maps for Android map data.

d3c-file-extension
d3c-file-description Descent game data
d3c-file-description A d3c file extension is related to the Descent and used for its game data.

d3d-file-extension
d3d-file-description Corel Dream 3D drawing
d3d-file-description A d3d file extension is related to the Corel Dream 3D and used for its 3D drawing files.

d3dbsp-file-extension
d3dbsp-file-description Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 map file
d3dbsp-file-description Files with d3dbsp extension are related to the Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare computer game.

d3m-file-extension
d3m-file-description Descent game file
d3m-file-description Files with d3m file extension could be game data files from Descent computer game.

d3p-file-extension
d3p-file-description DigitalPrintLab data
d3p-file-description A d3p file suffix is associated with the DigitalPrintLab program. A d3p file contains data.

d3s-file-extension
d3s-file-description Nikon image format
d3s-file-description A d3s file extension is related to the Nikon image format. Seems to be obsolete.

d3v-file-extension
d3v-file-description Datel video data
d3v-file-description A d3v file extension is related to the Datel Max Media Player and used for its video files.

d3x-file-extension
d3x-file-description Nikon image format
d3x-file-description A d3x file extension is related to the Nikon image file format.

d4-file-extension
d4-file-description Dataphor source data
d4-file-description Files with d4 file extension are source codes created using Dataphor app development platform.

d41-file-extension
d41-file-description CCS64 data
d41-file-description A d41 file extension is related to the CCS64, an emulator of Commodore C64 computer.

d43-file-extension
d43-file-description IAR debug data
d43-file-description A d43 file extension is related to the IAR Embedded Workbench for Windows. A d43 file contains debug data.

d4c-file-extension
d4c-file-description Dataphor data
d4c-file-description Files with d4c file extension can be found as data files from the Dataphor open source app development platform.

d4nk-file-extension
d4nk-file-description PyL33T ransomware affected file
d4nk-file-description Files with d4nk suffix can be most often found as files that have been encrypted and had their suffix renamed by PYL33T ransomware.

d50-file-extension
d50-file-description Roland D-50 patch data
d50-file-description A d50 file extension is related to the Roland D-50 patch data.

d51-file-extension
d51-file-description TI Low Power RF ZigBee Software programming data
d51-file-description A d51 file extension is related to the TI Low Power RF ZigBee Software development environment. A d51 file stores some kind of data used for programming.

d5c-file-extension
d5c-file-description Dragon UnPACKer plugin
d5c-file-description A d5c file extension is related to the Dragon UnPACKer and used for its plugin files.

d5d-file-extension
d5d-file-description Dragon UnPACKer driver
d5d-file-description Files with d5d file extension are related to the Dragon UnPACKer and used for its driver files.

d5p-file-extension
d5p-file-description Dragon UnPACKer language pack
d5p-file-description Files with d5p file extension might be mostly found as language packs from Dragon UnPACKer utility.

d64-file-extension
d64-file-description Commodore emulator data
d64-file-description Files with d64 file extension can be found as emulator files from Commodore emulators. Virtual diskette file.

d67-file-extension
d67-file-description VICE disk image
d67-file-description A d67 file extension is related to the VICE emulator and used for its disk image files.

d71-file-extension
d71-file-description Commodore emulator data
d71-file-description A d71 file extension is related to Commodore C64 and C128 emulators.

d80-file-extension
d80-file-description Commodore CBM-8050 diskette emulator image
d80-file-description Files with d80 file extension can be mainly found as emulator files of CBM-8050 diskettes from old Commodore computers.

d81-file-extension
d81-file-description Commodore VC-1581 diskette emulator image
d81-file-description Files with d81 file extension can be found as Commodore emulator files that contain data from a VC-1581 diskette,

d82-file-extension
d82-file-description Commodore emulator data
d82-file-description Files with d82 file extension are representation of CBM-8250 diskette for Commodore emulator software.

d83-file-extension
d83-file-description GAEB 1990 data
d83-file-description Files with d83 file extension are associated with the GAEB 1990 data exchange format.

d88-file-extension
d88-file-description Toshiba Pasopia 7 disk data
d88-file-description A d88 file extension is related to the Toshiba Pasopia 7, an 8-bit computer based on popular Z-80 platform. A d88 file contains disk image.

da-file-extension
da-file-description DAwin project
da-file-description A da file extension is related to the DAwin and used for its project files.

da%24-file-extension
da%24-file-description Microsoft compressed DAT file
da%24-file-description A da$ file extension is related to the Microsoft compressed DAT file archive file format.

da0-file-extension
da0-file-description Microsoft Windows 9x registry backup file
da0-file-description Files with da0 extension are used for old Microsoft Windows (95, 98, ME). They store registry backup data.

da1-file-extension
da1-file-description Windows Registry backup file
da1-file-description Files with da1 extension are known as registry backup files.

da2-file-extension
da2-file-description DeepAnalysis 2 eBay auction data
da2-file-description A da2 file extension is related to the DeepAnalysis 2 tool. A da2 file contains eBay auction data.

da3-file-extension
da3-file-description Star Trek Generations Saved game file format
da3-file-description Files with da3 extension are used by Star Trek Generations computer game as a save game file format.

da4-file-extension
da4-file-description Star Trek Generations Saved game file format
da4-file-description Files with da4 extension are used by Star Trek Generations computer game as a save game file format.

da5-file-extension
da5-file-description Star Trek Generations saved game
da5-file-description A da2 file extension is related to the Star Trek Generations video game. A da2 file stores saved game.

da6-file-extension
da6-file-description Star Trek Generations Saved game file format
da6-file-description Files with da6 extension are used by Star Trek Generations computer game as a save game file format.

da7-file-extension
da7-file-description Star Trek Generations Saved game file format
da7-file-description Files with da7 extension are used by Star Trek Generations computer game as a save game file format.

da8-file-extension
da8-file-description Star Trek: Generations saved game
da8-file-description Files with da8 file extension are saved game positions for Star Trek: Generations computer game.

da9-file-extension
da9-file-description Star Trek Generations autosave game file
da9-file-description Files with da9 extension are used by Star Trek Generations computer game as a save game file format.

daap-file-extension
daap-file-description Apple DAAP playlist file
daap-file-description The DAAP file extension is related to the Apple iTunes and other multimedia players. The *.daap file stores playlist.

dab-file-extension
dab-file-description OrangeCD Catalog database
dab-file-description Files with dab file extension can be found as database files (*.dab) from OrangeCD music collection management software.

dac-file-extension
dac-file-description Dynacom Accounting data
dac-file-description A dac file extension is related to the Dynacom Accounting software and used for its data files.

dacpac-file-extension
dacpac-file-description Database deployment data
dacpac-file-description Files with dacpac file extension can be found as one of the database deployment files used in Microsoft Visual Studio.

dad-file-extension
dad-file-description Chromeleon Channel RAW data
dad-file-description Files with dad extension can be found as RAW data files from the Chromeleon chromatography data analysis software.

dad2-file-extension
dad2-file-description Canvas for Mac data
dad2-file-description A dad2 file extension is related to the Canvas for Mac and used for its data files. Obsolete product.

dadx-file-extension
dadx-file-description Eclipse Document Access Definition Extension file
dadx-file-description Detailed description

dae-file-extension
dae-file-description Collada 3D digital asset exchange data
dae-file-description A dae file extension is used for COLLADA 3D graphic interchange format. Used in several games and programs  and supported by graphic editors such as Adobe Photoshop or Blender.

daemonscript-file-extension
daemonscript-file-description Daemon Tools script
daemonscript-file-description A daemonscript file extension is associated with the Daemon Tools and used for its script files.

daf-file-extension
daf-file-description Digital Anchor Manager data
daf-file-description A daf file extension is related to the Digital Anchor Manager and used for its secure database file format.

dag-file-extension
dag-file-description Dagra document
dag-file-description A dag file extension is related to the Dagra app and used for its document files.

dah-file-extension
dah-file-description AutoPlay Media Studio splash image
dah-file-description A dah file extension is related to the AutoPlay Media Studio and used for its splash image files.

dai-file-extension
dai-file-description Dream Aquarium patch
dai-file-description Files with dai file extension can be usually found as patch files for Dream Aquarium screensaver and virtual aquarium software. Used to update the program.

daily-file-extension
daily-file-description Day log
daily-file-description Files with daily file extension are used by time tracking daily log files from Smart WorkTime Tracker and other time tracking tools.

dak-file-extension
dak-file-description Debian Archive Kit data
dak-file-description A dak file extension is associated with the Debian Archive Kit data format.

dal-file-extension
dal-file-description DVD-lab project
dal-file-description Files with dal file extension can be found as projects created in the DVD-lab software.

dale-file-extension
dale-file-description Chip ransomware affected file
dale-file-description Files with dale suffix are encrypted user files affected by the Chip ransomware that was inspired by the Chipmunks cartoon.

dam-file-extension
dam-file-description DeltaMaster analysis model
dam-file-description Files with dam file extension can be mostly found as analysis models from DeltaMaster program.

damage-file-extension
damage-file-description Damage ransomware affected file
damage-file-description Files with damage suffix are in most cases file that had been encrypted and renamed by the damage ransomware.

dan-file-extension
dan-file-description D-MAS Analysis System patient data
dan-file-description Files with dan file suffix are related to the D-MAS Analysis System patient data format.

dap-file-extension
dap-file-description Download Accelerator partial download
dap-file-description Files with dap file extension can be typically found as partial downloads saved with the Download Accelerator Internet downloads management and acceleration tool.

dapf-file-extension
dapf-file-description DinkeyAdd parameter file
dapf-file-description Detailed description

daproj-file-extension
daproj-file-description DivX Author project
daproj-file-description A daproj file extension is associated with the DivX Author and used for its project files.

daq-file-extension
daq-file-description Data Acquisition Toolbox data
daq-file-description A daq file extension is related to the Data Acquisition Toolbox and used for some kind of data files.

dar-file-extension
dar-file-description DAR disk archive
dar-file-description Files with dar extension can be most often found as compressed archives in DAR disk archive file format which used by Unix and Unix-like operating systems.

darc-file-extension
darc-file-description Darc archive
darc-file-description Files with darc file extension are commonly used by Darc compression tool. A darc file contains data archive.

darkest-file-extension
darkest-file-description Darkest Dungeon game script
darkest-file-description Files with darkest file extension may be found as game files from Darkest Dungeon horror dungeon crawler computer game.

darkness-file-extension
darkness-file-description Rakhni ransomware affected data
darkness-file-description Files with darkness file extension can be often encountered on computers affected by the Rakhni type ransomware.

dart-file-extension
dart-file-description DiskImageMounter DART image
dart-file-description A dart file extension is related to the DiskImageMounter DART image format.

dartclip-file-extension
dartclip-file-description Dartfish metadata
dartclip-file-description A dartclip file extension is associated with the Dartfish and used for its metadata files.

das-file-extension
das-file-description Dragon Age: Origins saved game
das-file-description A das file extension is related to the Dragon Age: Origins a role playing video game. A das file stores saved game position.

daschema-file-extension
daschema-file-description Data Abstract database schema
daschema-file-description Files with daschema file extension can be found as database schema files from Data Abstract program from RemObjects.

dat-shm-file-extension
dat-shm-file-description EmClient data
dat-shm-file-description A dat-shm file extension is associated with the EmClient, an e-mail and calendar software. A dat-shm file contains some kind of data.

dat-wal-file-extension
dat-wal-file-description eM Client WAL data
dat-wal-file-description A dat-wal file extension is related to the eM Client, an e-mail client for Microsoft Windows. A dat-wal file stores WAL data.

dat2-file-extension
dat2-file-description XYplorer thumbnail cache
dat2-file-description A dat2 file extension is related to the XYplorer a file manager for Microsoft Windows. A dat2 file stores thumbnail.

data-file-extension
data-file-description Generally data
data-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe DATA file extension!

database-file-extension
database-file-description Serato DJ database
database-file-description A database file extension is related to the Serato DJ, a music mixing software for live DJ performance. A .database file stores database with information about audio tracks.

datacontract-file-extension
datacontract-file-description Web Service Software Factory installer data
datacontract-file-description A datacontract file extension stores installation data for Visual Studio Web Service Software Factory.

datasource-file-extension
datasource-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data source
datasource-file-description A  datasource file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment. A datasource file stores some kind of data.

datbak0-file-extension
datbak0-file-description Miranda data file backup
datbak0-file-description A datbak0 file extension is related to the Miranda, an instant messaging client. A datbak0 file contains data backup.

datr-file-extension
datr-file-description DATR data
datr-file-description A datr file extension is associated with the DATR and used for its data files.

datx-file-extension
datx-file-description DSPCon data
datx-file-description Files with datx extension might be found as data files in DSPCon open industry standard format.

dat_bak_48396-file-extension
dat_bak_48396-file-description Calibre data
dat_bak_48396-file-description A dat_bak_48396 file extension is related to the Calibre and used for its data files.

dat_default-file-extension
dat_default-file-description Siemens NX data
dat_default-file-description A dat_default file extension is associated with the Siemens NX software and used for its data files.

dat_mcr-file-extension
dat_mcr-file-description Minecraft backup
dat_mcr-file-description Files with dat_mcr file extension might be found as part of Minecraft computer game. Backup file generated during update.

dat_new-file-extension
dat_new-file-description Minecraft level file
dat_new-file-description Files with dat_new extension are used by the Minecraft computer game. They include saved game progress data.

dat_old-file-extension
dat_old-file-description Minecraft backup
dat_old-file-description Files with dat_old extension can be usually found as backups from Minecraft sandbox construction computer game.

dat_tureg_old-file-extension
dat_tureg_old-file-description Windows Registry data
dat_tureg_old-file-description A dat_tureg_old file extension is related to the Windows Registry file format.

dau-file-extension
dau-file-description Express Dictate dictate record
dau-file-description A dau file extension is related to the Express Dictate an audio software. A dau file stores recorded files.

dav-file-extension
dav-file-description DVR365 encrypted video recording
dav-file-description Files with dav file extension can be typically encountered as older video recordings from video recorders and security camera systems, for example the DVR365 series. Specially encrypted and encoded MPEG that can be only viewed using the default DVR365 Player.

daw-file-extension
daw-file-description Hasbro Scramble CDROM OWL2 list file
daw-file-description Files with daw suffix can be mostly encountered as somewhat old files in Hasbro Scramble CDROM OWL2 list file format.

dawg-file-extension
dawg-file-description Eliot dictionary
dawg-file-description Files with dawg file extension might be found as dictionaries from Eliot, an open source scrabble game.

dax-file-extension
dax-file-description PSP Compressed CD image
dax-file-description A dax file extension is related to the PSP Compressed CD image format used by Sony Playstation Portable.

day-file-extension
day-file-description Day of the Zombie map file
day-file-description Files with day extension are used as the games file format for the Day of the Zombie computer first person shooter game.

dayzprofile-file-extension
dayzprofile-file-description DAYZ game profile
dayzprofile-file-description Files with dayzprofile file extension may be found as settings for the DAYZ survival horror video game by Bohemia Interactive.

daz-file-extension
daz-file-description DIABASS encrypted patient data
daz-file-description A file suffix daz is related to the DIABASS and used for its encrypted patient data.

dazip-file-extension
dazip-file-description Dragon Age: Origins saved game
dazip-file-description Files with dazip file extension can be found as saved game positions from the Dragon Age: Origins computer game.

da_-file-extension
da_-file-description GKSetup support data
da_-file-description Files with da_ file extension are related to the GKSetup support data format.

db%24-file-extension
db%24-file-description Clarion Modula-2 temporary debug info
db%24-file-description A db$ file extension is related to the Clarion, a database development tool. A db$ file contains temporary debug info.

db-exception-file-extension
db-exception-file-description Database exception log
db-exception-file-description Files with db-exception file extension can be most notably found as logs with reported databases errors or exceptions.

db-journal-file-extension
db-journal-file-description SQLite database journal file
db-journal-file-description A db-journal file extension is related to the SQLite database management system available for various platforms. A db-journal file stores data related to main database.

db-shm-file-extension
db-shm-file-description SQLite temporary database
db-shm-file-description A db-shm file extension is related to the SQLite, a relational database management system. A .db-shm file stores temporary database files.

db-wal-file-extension
db-wal-file-description SQLite temporary database
db-wal-file-description A db-wal file extension is related to the temporary database files used by SQLite a relational database management system.

db.crypt5-file-extension
db.crypt5-file-description WhatsApp Messenger encrypted message database backup
db.crypt5-file-description Files with db.crypt5 extension can be found as special encrypted chat backups created in the WhatsApp Messenger.

db.crypt7-file-extension
db.crypt7-file-description WhatsApp Messenger encrypted message database backup
db.crypt7-file-description Files with db.crypt7 file extension can be found as special encrypted chat backups created in the WhatsApp Messenger.

db.crypt8-file-extension
db.crypt8-file-description WhatsApp Messenger message database backup
db.crypt8-file-description Files with db.crypt8 file extension can be exclusively found as chat history backups from WhatsApp Messenger instant messaging client.

db0-file-extension
db0-file-description dBASE init data
db0-file-description Files with db0 file extension are related to the dBASE, a database management program for various types of microcomputers.

db1-file-extension
db1-file-description S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game data
db1-file-description A db1 file extension is related to the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. computer game. A db1 file contains game data.

db2-file-extension
db2-file-description dBASE II database
db2-file-description A db2 file extension is related to the dBASE version II from 1983 and used for its database files.

db2ind-file-extension
db2ind-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio DB2 index file
db2ind-file-description Detailed description

db2mov-file-extension
db2mov-file-description DeepDVD Movie authoring project
db2mov-file-description Files with db2mov extension are projects from DeepDVD Movie software.

db2p-file-extension
db2p-file-description IBM database project file
db2p-file-description The .db2p file extension is related to the IBM database project file format.

db2sp-file-extension
db2sp-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio DB2 create procedure statement
db2sp-file-description A db2sp file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its DB2 create procedure statements.

db2tbl-file-extension
db2tbl-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio DB2 table script
db2tbl-file-description Files with DB2TBL extension are DB2 scripts from Microsoft Visual Studio.

db2tr-file-extension
db2tr-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio DB2 trigger script file
db2tr-file-description Detailed description

db2udf-file-extension
db2udf-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio DB2 user defined function file
db2udf-file-description Detailed description

db2vw-file-extension
db2vw-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio DB2 view script file
db2vw-file-description Detailed description

db3-file-extension
db3-file-description SQLite database
db3-file-description Files with db3 extension are database files in one of the older  SQLite database file format. DB3 database is stored in simple text format and contains structure of database and database entries. As such it can be viewed using any text editor.

db3-journal-file-extension
db3-journal-file-description SQLite temporary database journal
db3-journal-file-description A db3-journal file extension is related to the SQLite a relational database management system. A db3-journal file stores temporary database journal.

db4-file-extension
db4-file-description dBASE IV data
db4-file-description Files with db4 file extension might be found as databases from older dBASE IV program.

db5-file-extension
db5-file-description S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game data
db5-file-description A db5 file extension is related to the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game data format.

db6-file-extension
db6-file-description S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game file
db6-file-description Files with db6 extension are used by S.T.A.L.K.E.R. computer game as a game file format.

db7-file-extension
db7-file-description S.T.A.L.K.E.R game data
db7-file-description A db7 file extension is related to the S.T.A.L.K.E.R., a 3D action computer game and used for its game data files.

db8-file-extension
db8-file-description S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game file
db8-file-description Files with db8 extension are used by S.T.A.L.K.E.R. computer game as a game file format.

db9-file-extension
db9-file-description S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game
db9-file-description A db9 file extension is related to the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. computer game and used for its game data files.

dba-file-extension
dba-file-description Turbo Prolog database
dba-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe DBA file extension!

dbag-file-extension
dbag-file-description WinSQL dataBag data
dbag-file-description A dbag file extension is associated with the WinSQL dataBag data format.

dbat-file-extension
dbat-file-description Quicken for Mac data
dbat-file-description A dbat file extension is associated with the Quicken, a personal finance management software. A dbat file stores some sort of financial data.

dbb-file-extension
dbb-file-description Skype user data
dbb-file-description A dbb file extension is used by Skype Internet telephone and chatting service. A dbb file contains various data, such as profiles, contact lists, history etc.

dbc-file-extension
dbc-file-description OrCAD capture CIS database configuration file
dbc-file-description Files with dbc suffix can be often found as CIS database configuration files from OrCAD modeling tool.

dbd-file-extension
dbd-file-description Clarion Modula-2 debug information
dbd-file-description A dbd file extension is related to the Clarion Modula-2 and used for its debug information files.

dbdf-file-extension
dbdf-file-description SimCity 4 DBDF compression directories
dbdf-file-description Files with dbdf file extension are associated with the SimCity 4 computer game for Mac and Windows.

dbdif-file-extension
dbdif-file-description DatabaseSpy comparison data
dbdif-file-description A dbdif files are used by Altova DatabaseSpy software for Windows.

dbe-file-extension
dbe-file-description ActiveSync backup file format
dbe-file-description A dbe file extension is related to the ActiveSync software and used for its backup file format.

dbfseventsd-file-extension
dbfseventsd-file-description Mac OS X data
dbfseventsd-file-description A dbfseventsd file extension is related to the Mac OS X (macOS) operating system and used for its data files.

dbg-file-extension
dbg-file-description Debug data
dbg-file-description A dbg file extension is associated with various integrated development environments and programs. A dbg file contains debug information.

dbh-file-extension
dbh-file-description CodeWarrior debug preferences
dbh-file-description Files with dbh file extension can be usually found as debug preferences from CodeWarrior program development tool.

dbheader-file-extension
dbheader-file-description Download Boost header file
dbheader-file-description Detailed description

dbi-file-extension
dbi-file-description FIFA World Cup game data comin fe data
dbi-file-description A dbi file extension is related to the FIFA World Cup and used for its game data comin fe files.

dbits-file-extension
dbits-file-description XYplorer hash data
dbits-file-description Files with dbits file extension can be found as hash files generated by XYplorer file managers for Windows.

dbl-file-extension
dbl-file-description Microsoft Windows XP product activation data
dbl-file-description A dbl file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows XP operating system. A dbl file contains activation data.

dblib-file-extension
dblib-file-description Altium Designer database library
dblib-file-description A dblib file extension is related to the Altium Designer, a PCB design tool. A dblib file stores database library.

dblink-file-extension
dblink-file-description Altium Designer database link
dblink-file-description A dblink file extension is related to the Altium Designer and used for its database link files.

dbm-file-extension
dbm-file-description Adobe ColdFusion template
dbm-file-description A dbm file extension is related to the Adobe ColdFusion development environment. A dbm file stores template.

dbmanifest-file-extension
dbmanifest-file-description Database manifest
dbmanifest-file-description Files with dbmanifest file extension might be mostly found as database manifest files for Visual Studio database deployment.

dbmc-file-extension
dbmc-file-description Netscape cache log file
dbmc-file-description Detailed description

dbmdl-file-extension
dbmdl-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio database project
dbmdl-file-description Files with dbmdl suffix are almost elusively database projects from Microsoft Visual Studio.

dbmg-file-extension
dbmg-file-description Netscale Navigator history file
dbmg-file-description Detailed description

dbml-file-extension
dbml-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Object Relational OR Designer design
dbml-file-description A dbml file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio Object Relational OR Designer. A dbml file is used by Visual Studio Code Generator to auto-generate various source code files.

dbnw-file-extension
dbnw-file-description Netscape news file
dbnw-file-description Detailed description

dbnx-file-extension
dbnx-file-description Netscape for Mac host file
dbnx-file-description Detailed description

dbo-file-extension
dbo-file-description dBase IV compiled program
dbo-file-description Files with dbo file extension can be found as compiled programs from old dBase IV database program.

dbp-file-extension
dbp-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ database project
dbp-file-description A dbp file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ development environment. A dbp file contains database project.

dbpf-file-extension
dbpf-file-description Maxis Database Packed File
dbpf-file-description Files with dbpf file extension might be found as game archives in Maxis games. Database Packed File archive.

dbpro-file-extension
dbpro-file-description DarkBASIC project
dbpro-file-description A dbpro file extension is related to the DarkBASIC, an integrated development tool for Windows. A dbpro file contains project.

dbproj-file-extension
dbproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ database project
dbproj-file-description Files with dbproj file suffix are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ database projects.

dbq-file-extension
dbq-file-description Corel Paradox memo data
dbq-file-description Files with dbq file extension are used for Corel Paradox software. They include memo data information.

dbr-file-extension
dbr-file-description DB/TextWorks database
dbr-file-description Files with dbr file extension can be most often found as databases from DB/TextWorks database and text retrieval software.

dbs-file-extension
dbs-file-description SQL Structured Query Language database command data
dbs-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe DBS file extension!

dbschema-file-extension
dbschema-file-description Database schema
dbschema-file-description Files with dbschema file extension can be found as one of the database deployment files used by Visual Studio.

dbsdif-file-extension
dbsdif-file-description DatabaseSpy file
dbsdif-file-description A dbsdif file extension is associated with the DatabaseSpy software from Altova.

dbt-file-extension
dbt-file-description Database text memo
dbt-file-description Files with dbt file extension are mainly found as database notes, some sort of memo descriptions for databases based on xbase applications (FoxPro, Visual FoxPro, dBase, Clipper, dBFast etc.).

dbu-file-extension
dbu-file-description Client-Course Manager database expansion update
dbu-file-description Files with dbu file extension might be found as database expansion update files from Client-Course Manager.

dbv-file-extension
dbv-file-description Flexfile 2 memo field
dbv-file-description A dbv file extension is related to the Flexfile 2 memo field files.

dbw-file-extension
dbw-file-description DataBoss database
dbw-file-description A dbw file extension is related to the DataBoss and used for its database files.

dbx_aq-file-extension
dbx_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
dbx_aq-file-description Files with dbx_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

dbz-file-extension
dbz-file-description DB Zipper compressed database
dbz-file-description Files with dbz extension might be found as compressed databases from DB Zipper utility.

db_-file-extension
db_-file-description Unknown file extension
db_-file-description Files with db_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

dc-file-extension
dc-file-description SPICE DC output
dc-file-description Files with dc file extension are related to the SPICE (Simulation Program with Integrated Circuit Emphasis) software.

dc0-file-extension
dc0-file-description OpenBSD data
dc0-file-description A dc0 file extension is related to the OpenBSD, a Unix-like operating system for various platforms.

dc1-file-extension
dc1-file-description Bloomba e-mail message
dc1-file-description A dc1 file extension is related to the Bloomba an e-mail client. A dc1 file contains e-mail messages.

dc2-file-extension
dc2-file-description Kodak DC25 Digital Camera RAW image
dc2-file-description A dc2 file extension is related to the Kodak DC25 Digital Camera RAW image format.

dc3-file-extension
dc3-file-description Medicine image file format
dc3-file-description Files with dc3 file extension can be generally found as DICOM images used in medicine.

dc4-file-extension
dc4-file-description ViaThinkSoft (De)Coder encrypted data
dc4-file-description A dc4 file extension is related to encrypted files created by ViaThinkSoft (De)Coder software.

dc42-file-extension
dc42-file-description Apple Disk Copy 4.2 disk image file
dc42-file-description Files with dc42 extension are used by Apple Disk Copy utility.

dc5-file-extension
dc5-file-description DataCAD drawing
dc5-file-description Files with dc5 file extension are related to the DataCAD, a 3D modeling software fro Windows. A dc5 file contains drawing.

dc6-file-extension
dc6-file-description Diablo 2 static image
dc6-file-description Files with dc6 file extension are related to the Diablo II video game. A dc6 file contains static image.

dc8-file-extension
dc8-file-description Video data
dc8-file-description Files with dc8 extension can occasionally be found as some kind of old and most likely legacy video format.

dca-file-extension
dca-file-description Visual Basic active designer cache
dca-file-description A dca file extension is related to the Visual Basic programming language and used for its active designer cache files.

dcb-file-extension
dcb-file-description Concordance Database Control Block data
dcb-file-description Files with dcb file extension are also used by Concordance software. Control block data file.

dcc-file-extension
dcc-file-description Diablo 2 animation data
dcc-file-description A dcc file extension is related to the Diablo 2 computer game. A dcc file stores animation.

dcd-file-extension
dcd-file-description FORTRAN data
dcd-file-description A dcd file extension is related to the FORTRAN programming language.

dcdc-file-extension
dcdc-file-description Astound presentation file
dcdc-file-description Detailed description

dce-file-extension
dce-file-description DriveCam video recording
dce-file-description Files with dce extension can be typically encountered as video recordings made using the Lytx DriveCam car security solution.

dcext-file-extension
dcext-file-description DC plugin
dcext-file-description A dcext file extension is related to DC program. A dcext file stores plugin.

dcf-file-extension
dcf-file-description DRM content format delivery data
dcf-file-description There are 13 other file types  usingthe DCF file extension!

dcfg-file-extension
dcfg-file-description routers2.cgi dummy configuration data
dcfg-file-description A dcfg file extension is related to the routers2.cgi tool. A dcfg file stores configuration data.

dcg-file-extension
dcg-file-description HSFX map file
dcg-file-description Files with dcg extension are used by IL-2 Sturmovik computer game. They are used as one of the game files.

dch-file-extension
dch-file-description DipTrace schematics
dch-file-description Files with dch file extension can be found as PCB schematics saved in DipTrace EDA/CAD software.

dci-file-extension
dci-file-description AOL Mail HTML mail
dci-file-description A dci file extension is related to the AOL Mail HTML mail format.

dcim-file-extension
dcim-file-description Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine image
dcim-file-description Files with dcim extension are associated with the DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) picture image format.

dck-file-extension
dck-file-description Warajevo ZX Spectrum emulation data
dck-file-description Files with dck file extension are related to the Warajevo, an emulator of ZX Spectrum computers. A dck file stores emulation data.

dcl-file-extension
dcl-file-description DumpSec data
dcl-file-description Files with dcl file extension can be found as data files from the DumpSec program. Most likely no longer used in latest versions of Microsoft Windows.

dcls-file-extension
dcls-file-description CATIA V4 settings
dcls-file-description A dcls file extension is related to the CATIA V4 CAD modeling software and used for its settings files.

dcm-file-extension
dcm-file-description Dicom medicine image file format
dcm-file-description Files with dcm file extension can be commonly found as special bitmap images used in medicine (DICOM), for purposes of storing special imaging data like utrasounds, CT scans etc.

dcm30-file-extension
dcm30-file-description DICOM 3.0 picture image
dcm30-file-description A dcm30 file extension is related to the DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine). A dcm30 file stores picture image.

dcmd-file-extension
dcmd-file-description DiskCatalogMaker catalog database
dcmd-file-description A dcmd file extension is related to the DiskCatalogMaker for Apple Mac computers. A dcmd file stores catalog database.

dcmjp2kl-file-extension
dcmjp2kl-file-description JPEG2000 compressed DICOM image
dcmjp2kl-file-description A dcmjp2kl file extension is related to the Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) format.

dcn-file-extension
dcn-file-description Autodesk depth slope definition
dcn-file-description Files with dcn file extension are related to AutoCAD Civil 3D and other CAD programs developed by Autodesk. A dcn file contains depth slope definition.

dco-file-extension
dco-file-description DisCryptor encrypted archive
dco-file-description Files with dco extension are used for DisCryptor. They include encrypted data archive.

dcol-file-extension
dcol-file-description Claris colour file
dcol-file-description Detailed description

dcover-file-extension
dcover-file-description BeLight Disc Cover data
dcover-file-description A dcover file extension is related to the BeLight Disc Cover and used for its data files.

dcp-file-extension
dcp-file-description Delphi component package
dcp-file-description A dcp file extension is associated with the Delphi application development environment and it is used for its component package files.

dcpf-file-extension
dcpf-file-description Roxio Disc Copier project file
dcpf-file-description The DCPF file extension is related to the Roxio Disc Copier and used for its project files.

dcpil-file-extension
dcpil-file-description Delphi compiler symbolic information
dcpil-file-description A dcpil file extension is associated with the Delphi, an integrated development environment for Windows applications. A dcpil file contains symbolic information used by compiler.

dcpr-file-extension
dcpr-file-description Adobe Photoshop DNG digital negative camera profile recipe
dcpr-file-description A dcpr file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop and other Adobe apps and used for its DNG digital negative camera profiles.

dcproj-file-extension
dcproj-file-description Apple Dashcode project
dcproj-file-description Files with dcproj file extension are commonly used by Apple Dashcode for its programming projects.

dcpy-file-extension
dcpy-file-description Disk Copy data
dcpy-file-description A dcpy file extension is related to the Disk Copy utility for Apple Mac computers.

dcrypt-file-extension
dcrypt-file-description DummyLocker ransomware affected file
dcrypt-file-description Files with dCrypt suffix are renamed and encrypted file affected by DummyLocker ransomware.

dcs-file-extension
dcs-file-description QuarkXPress desktop color separation data
dcs-file-description The dcs file extension is associated with the QuarkXPress and used for its desktop color separation files.

dcs2-file-extension
dcs2-file-description Adobe Photoshop DCS 2.0 document
dcs2-file-description A dcs2 file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop program for Windows and Mac. A dcs2 file contains DCS 2.0 document.

dcst-file-extension
dcst-file-description Adobe InDesign data
dcst-file-description A dcst file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign, a desktop publishing program. A dcst file contains data.

dct5-file-extension
dct5-file-description Microsoft Word 5 for Mac dictionary file
dct5-file-description Files with dct5 extension are related to Microsoft Word program. They are uesd for dictionary files.

dctmp-file-extension
dctmp-file-description DC++ partially downloaded data
dctmp-file-description A dctmp file extension can be found as placeholder temporary file with partially downloaded data in the DC++ client.

dctx-file-extension
dctx-file-description Microsoft Office IME open extended dictionary
dctx-file-description Files with dctx extension is mainly related to Microsoft Office and used for IME open extended dictionaries.

dctxc-file-extension
dctxc-file-description Microsoft Office IME open extended dictionary
dctxc-file-description Files with dctxc file extension can mostly be found in Microsoft Office and used for IME open extended dictionaries.

dcu-file-extension
dcu-file-description Delphi compiled unit
dcu-file-description Files with dcu file extension are mostly related to Delphi programming language and used for compiled units files.

dcuil-file-extension
dcuil-file-description Delphi compiled unit
dcuil-file-description A dcuil file extension is related to the Delphi, an integrated development environment. A dcull file stores compiled unit.

dcupdate-file-extension
dcupdate-file-description DcUppdater data
dcupdate-file-description A dcupdate file extension is related to the DcUppdater software.

dcupdatezip-file-extension
dcupdatezip-file-description DcUppdater data
dcupdatezip-file-description A dcupdatezip file extension is associated with the DcUppdater from DonationCoder.

dcv-file-extension
dcv-file-description DriveCrypt encrypted volume
dcv-file-description Files with dcv file extension can be mostly found as encrypted data files from DriveCrypt sensitive data protection software for Microsoft Windows.

dcvr-file-extension
dcvr-file-description Unknown file extension
dcvr-file-description Files with dcvr file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

dcw-file-extension
dcw-file-description DraftChoice for Windows drawing file
dcw-file-description Files with dcw file extension can be found as old drawings from DraftChoice for Windows program.

dcx-file-extension
dcx-file-description Zsoft PC Publisher's Paintbrush picture
dcx-file-description Files with dcx file extension can be also found as pictures saved using Zsoft PC Publisher's Paintbrush software.

dcz-file-extension
dcz-file-description iDance character model
dcz-file-description A dcz file extension is related to the iDance and used for its model files.

dd-file-extension
dd-file-description Doodle C64 image
dd-file-description Files with dd extension are mostly known to be graphics files in Doodle graphics file format available for Commodore 64 computer.

dd2-file-extension
dd2-file-description Dungeon Designer 2 map design file
dd2-file-description Files with dd2 extension are used by Dungeon Designer 2.

dd3-file-extension
dd3-file-description Blood Bowl game data
dd3-file-description A dd3 file extension is related to the Blood Bowl fantasy strategic computer game. A dd3 file stores game data.

dd32-file-extension
dd32-file-description x64dbg data
dd32-file-description A dd32 file extension is related to the x64dbg, a binary debugger. A dd32 file stores data.

dd64-file-extension
dd64-file-description x64dbg data
dd64-file-description A dd64 file extension is related to the x64dbg, a bianry debugger. A dd64 file stores data.

dda-file-extension
dda-file-description TNTmips import file format
dda-file-description A dda file extension is related to the TNTmips a map image processing and analysis software. A dda file stores data for importing to TNTmips.

ddap-file-extension
ddap-file-description DiskDoubler compressed data
ddap-file-description A ddap file extension is related to the DiskDoubler, a compression tool. A ddap file contains compressed data.

ddat-file-extension
ddat-file-description DivX Web Player temporary download
ddat-file-description A ddat file extension is related to the DivX Web Player. A ddat file contains temporary video data.

ddb-file-extension
ddb-file-description Device dependent bitmap graphics
ddb-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe DDB file extension!

ddc-file-extension
ddc-file-description DivX Descriptor DVD description file
ddc-file-description Files with ddc extension are associated with DivX Descriptor program. They include movies information.

ddcx-file-extension
ddcx-file-description DivX Descriptor file
ddcx-file-description Files with ddcx file extension are commonly used by DivX Descriptor program from Daren-Softwares.

ddd-file-extension
ddd-file-description Adobe Distiller data
ddd-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe DDD file extension!

dde-file-extension
dde-file-description Dynamic Data Exchange
dde-file-description Files with dde extension are generally related to Dynamic Data Exchange protocol used in Windows.

ddf-file-extension
ddf-file-description Diamond directive file
ddf-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe DDF file extension!

ddfl-file-extension
ddfl-file-description Apple DiskDoubler file
ddfl-file-description The DDFL file extension is related to the DiskDoubler a compression tool used to save space on Mac drives, developed by Symantec.

ddg-file-extension
ddg-file-description DucatiDiag data
ddg-file-description A ddg file extension is related to the DucatiDiag and used for its data files.

ddi-file-extension
ddi-file-description DiskDupe disk image
ddi-file-description A ddi file extension is related to the DiskDupe a software for MS-DOS and Windows. A ddi file contains disk image.

ddif-file-extension
ddif-file-description Digital Equipment Document Interchange Format
ddif-file-description Files with ddif extension are known as images or word processing documents. They are saved in the Digital Document Interchange Format.

ddj-file-extension
ddj-file-description Silkroad alchemy page file
ddj-file-description Files with ddj extension are known as game files, which are used by the SilkRoad Online computer game developed by the Joymax company.

ddk-file-extension
ddk-file-description IBM OS/2 saved SKF file format
ddk-file-description A ddk file extension is associated with the OS/2 operating system. A ddk file contains floppy disk image.

ddl-file-extension
ddl-file-description SQL Data Definition Language
ddl-file-description A ddl file extension is associated with the SQL Data Definition Language file format.

ddm-file-extension
ddm-file-description Alpha Five table object
ddm-file-description A ddm file extension is related to the Alpha Five and used for its table objects files.

ddo-file-extension
ddo-file-description Tank3D game data
ddo-file-description A ddo file extension is related to the Tank3D video game. A ddo file stores game data.

ddoc-file-extension
ddoc-file-description Apple MacDraw vector graphics
ddoc-file-description Files with ddoc file extension can be found as vector images created in MacDraw program on old Macintosh systems. Very rare.

ddp-file-extension
ddp-file-description OS/2 device driver profile
ddp-file-description A ddp file extension is related to OS/2 operating system developed by IBM. A ddp file stores driver profile.

ddpokersave-file-extension
ddpokersave-file-description DD Poker save game file
ddpokersave-file-description Files with DDPOKERSAVE extension can be found as saved game files from DD Poker video game.

ddr-file-extension
ddr-file-description DDRemote parameter data
ddr-file-description A ddr file extension is related to the Dinkey Dongle, an USB key used to protect software against piracy.

ddrw-file-extension
ddrw-file-description Apple ClarisDraw drawing
ddrw-file-description A ddrw file extension is related to the Apple ClarisDraw, a vector drawing format.

ddsx-file-extension
ddsx-file-description Stronghold Kingdoms game data
ddsx-file-description An ddsx file extension is related to the Stronghold Kingdoms and used for its data files.

ddt-file-extension
ddt-file-description Jill of the Jungle game data
ddt-file-description A ddt file extension is related to the Jill of the Jungle, a platform action computer game and used for its game data files.

ddv-file-extension
ddv-file-description Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee movie
ddv-file-description Files with ddv file extension include files to use contain in-game movies and are used by Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee.

ddwscan-file-extension
ddwscan-file-description Disk Drill data
ddwscan-file-description A ddwscan file extension is associated with the Disk Drill, a data recovery app for Mac and Windows.

ddx-file-extension
ddx-file-description Alpha Five data dictionary index
ddx-file-description Files with ddx extension are used by Alpha Five application.

ddz-file-extension
ddz-file-description Adaptec SCO Unix driver image
ddz-file-description Files with ddz extension can be found on UNIX platform as drivers for Adaptec's devices.

de-file-extension
de-file-description German language translation
de-file-description A de file extension is related to the German language translation files.

de2-file-extension
de2-file-description XWE data
de2-file-description A de2 file extension is related to the XWE (also known as eXtendable Wad Editor).

dea-file-extension
dea-file-description Drug Enforcement Administration record data
dea-file-description Files with dea file extension are records for Drug Enforcement Administration - United States Department of Justice.

deadspacesave-file-extension
deadspacesave-file-description Dead Space saved game
deadspacesave-file-description A deadspacesave file extension is related to the Dead Space saved game files.

debian-file-extension
debian-file-description Debian related data
debian-file-description A .debian file extension is related to the Debian a Linux distribution.

debuglog-file-extension
debuglog-file-description MyDefrag data
debuglog-file-description A debuglog file extension is related to the MyDefrag software tool for Windows.

dec-file-extension
dec-file-description Dolphin EasyConverter project
dec-file-description Files with dec extension can be usually found as projects from Dolphin EasyConverter document conversion tool for people with visual impairments, dyslexia and other reading difficulties.

deck-file-extension
deck-file-description Microsoft Office for Mac query
deck-file-description A deck file extension is related to the Microsoft Office for Mac. A deck file contains query data.

decl-file-extension
decl-file-description id Tech 6 game data
decl-file-description A decl file extension is related to the id Tech 6 video gaming engine used by Doom (Doom 2016, Doom 4) computer game.

decrypt-file-extension
decrypt-file-description Microsoft Windows 8 decrypted ESD data
decrypt-file-description Files with decrypt file extension can be found as special decrypted ESD files from Microsoft Windows 8.

decrypt2017-file-extension
decrypt2017-file-description Globe 3 ransomware affected file
decrypt2017-file-description Files with decrypt2017 suffix have been encrypted and renamed by the Globe 3 ransomware.

dectest-file-extension
dectest-file-description Decimal test data
dectest-file-description A dectest file extension is related to the decimal test data format.

ded-file-extension
ded-file-description Dr. Engrave document
ded-file-description Files with ded extension can be usually found as special documents prepared using the Dr. Engrave software.

dee-file-extension
dee-file-description Creator Simulator description data
dee-file-description Files with dee file extension are used by Creator software. They include the description for the circuit models.

deejam-file-extension
deejam-file-description GSpot Codec data
deejam-file-description A deejam file extension is related to the GSpot Codec files.

def-file-extension
def-file-description Definition data
def-file-description Files with def extension are usually encountered as definition files used SmartWare, Visual Studio and other apps.

default-file-extension
default-file-description Unknown file extension
default-file-description Files with default file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

defaultsite-file-extension
defaultsite-file-description 1&1 defaultsite
defaultsite-file-description A .defaultsite file contains default web page generated on domains registered by 1&1 Internet Inc.

defi-file-extension
defi-file-description Oracle 7 de-install script
defi-file-description A defi file extension is related to some Oracle products. A defi file contains de-install scripts.

definition-file-extension
definition-file-description Apple Automator data type definition
definition-file-description A .definition file extension is related to the Apple Automator program for macOS. A definition file stores data type definition.

deform-file-extension
deform-file-description FontTwister deform guide line data
deform-file-description A deform file extension is associated with the FontTwister program. A .deform file stores deform guide line data.

defs-file-extension
defs-file-description BlueJ settings
defs-file-description A defs file extension is related to the BlueJ development environment and used for its settings files.

deft-file-extension
deft-file-description Juice Grinder data
deft-file-description A deft file extension is related to the Juice Grinder and used for its data files.

defxml-file-extension
defxml-file-description Danea Easyfatt data
defxml-file-description A defxml file extension is related to the Danea Easyfatt and used for its data files.

deh-file-extension
deh-file-description Doom DeHackEd game data
deh-file-description A deh file extension is related to the DeHackEd an editing tool for Doom computer game.

dei-file-extension
dei-file-description Gerber design engineered interface
dei-file-description A dei file extension is related Gerber design engineered interface file format.

dek-file-extension
dek-file-description Magic The Gathering deck
dek-file-description Files with dek file extension are kindred with Magic: The Gathering Online, they store a collectable cards in xml format.

del-file-extension
del-file-description Apple Safari data
del-file-description A del file extension is related to the Apple Safari a web browser for Mac and Windows. A del file stores some kind of data.

deleted-file-extension
deleted-file-description Deleted file
deleted-file-description Files with deleted suffix can be most often found as various files which had their suffix renamed, typically for semi-automatic backup reasons.

delf-file-extension
delf-file-description Malicious or virus data
delf-file-description Files with delf file extension are reported to be malicious or virus files generated by suspicious programs.

dem-file-extension
dem-file-description Recorded game replay
dem-file-description Files with dem file extension are typically found as demo files recorded by various computer games (DOTA 2, Counter Strike, Quake, Hexen, Unreal Tournament etc.).

demo-file-extension
demo-file-description VirtuaGirl HD model demo
demo-file-description Files with demo extension can be most notably found as model previews from VirtuaGirl dancing girls screensaver.

demo4-file-extension
demo4-file-description Unreal Tournament 2004 demo
demo4-file-description A demo4 file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament 2004 and used for its demo files.

democracy-file-extension
democracy-file-description VLC media player data
democracy-file-description A democracy file extension is related to the VLC media player for Windows, Mac and Linux.

deny-file-extension
deny-file-description Linux access data
deny-file-description A deny file extension is related to the Linux operating system. A deny file stores access data.

deos-file-extension
deos-file-description Driver Easy offline scan
deos-file-description Files with deos extension can be often found as offline scan data from the Driver Easy software.

dep-file-extension
dep-file-description Microsoft Visual Basic Setup Wizard dependency data
dep-file-description A dep file extension is mainly related to one of the many files used by Microsoft Visual Basic. These dep files contains dependency information.

dep1-file-extension
dep1-file-description Data Exchange Protocol analysis data
dep1-file-description Files with dep1 file extension can be found as one of the Data Exchange Protocol files from engineering industry. Analysis data file.

dep2-file-extension
dep2-file-description Data Exchange Protocol member design
dep2-file-description Files with dep2 file extension can be found as one of the Data Exchange Protocol files from engineering industry. Member design data file.

dep3-file-extension
dep3-file-description Data Exchange Protocol connection designs
dep3-file-description Files with dep3 file extension can be found as one of the Data Exchange Protocol files from engineering industry. Connection design data file.

dep4-file-extension
dep4-file-description Data Exchange Protocol detailing data
dep4-file-description Files with dep4 file extension can be found as one of the Data Exchange Protocol files from engineering industry. Detailing data file.

depend-file-extension
depend-file-description Code::Blocks project support file
depend-file-description Files with depend extension are used for the Code::Blocks. They include support information project files.

depgraphbin-file-extension
depgraphbin-file-description Tom Clancy's The Division game data
depgraphbin-file-description Files with depgraphbin file suffix are related to the Tom Clancy's The Division game data.

deploymentoptions-file-extension
deploymentoptions-file-description SQL Server deployment options
deploymentoptions-file-description A deploymentoptions file extension is associated with the SQL Server from Microsoft. A deploymentoptions file stores deployment options.

deploymenttargets-file-extension
deploymenttargets-file-description SQL Server deployment target file
deploymenttargets-file-description Files with deploymenttargets extension are associated with Microsoft SQL Server.

deployproj-file-extension
deployproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio deployment project
deployproj-file-description A deployproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool. A deployproj file stores deployment project.

deproj-file-extension
deproj-file-description Disketch project
deproj-file-description Files with deproj extension are projects from Disketch CD/DVD labeling utility.

der-file-extension
der-file-description DER encoded internet security certificate
der-file-description A der file extension is related to the DER encoded internet security certificate file format. A der file stores certificate.

derp-file-extension
derp-file-description DERP script
derp-file-description Files with derp extension can be found as scripts for DERP Device Environment Replacement Program.

des-file-extension
des-file-description Description text
des-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe DES file extension!

des-se-file-extension
des-se-file-description Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 data
des-se-file-description A des-se file extension is related to the Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 smart phone with Google Android operating system.

desc-file-extension
desc-file-description Description data
desc-file-description Files with desc file extension are used for description files, a text files with description data.

description-file-extension
description-file-description Multilizer PDF Translator description data
description-file-description A description file extension is related to the Multilizer PDF Translator description file format.

design-file-extension
design-file-description Microsoft Expression Design drawing
design-file-description A design file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Design and used for its drawing files.

desklink-file-extension
desklink-file-description Desk Link data
desklink-file-description A desklink file extension is related to the Desk Link feature installed in Microsoft Windows operating system.

desksoftlicense-file-extension
desksoftlicense-file-description DeskSoft license
desksoftlicense-file-description A desksoftlicense file extension is related to the DeskSoft license files.

desktop-file-extension
desktop-file-description DesktopX Windows desktop theme
desktop-file-description A .desktop file extension is related to the DesktopX by Stardock Corporation. A .desktop file stores desktop theme for Windows.

dess-file-extension
dess-file-description Microsoft Device Emulator saved state
dess-file-description A dess file extension is related to the Microsoft Device Emulator and used for its saved state files.

det-file-extension
det-file-description ACT! data
det-file-description A det file extension is related to the Act! CRM software developed by Sage.

deu-file-extension
deu-file-description Adobe Reader German language data
deu-file-description A deu file extension is related to the Adobe Reader and used for files with German language settings and localization data.

deusex-file-extension
deusex-file-description DeusExe data
deusex-file-description A deusex file extension is related to the DeusExe program.

dev-file-extension
dev-file-description Windows device driver
dev-file-description Files with dev file extension are commonly found as drivers for Windows operating system.

developerprofile-file-extension
developerprofile-file-description Apple Xcode developer profile
developerprofile-file-description A developerprofile file extension is related to the Xcode, development tool. A developerprofile file contains private keys.

develve-file-extension
develve-file-description Develve data
develve-file-description A develve file extension is related to the Windows statistical application called Develve.

deviceids-file-extension
deviceids-file-description Apple iOS device identification
deviceids-file-description A deviceids file stores Apple iOS device identification data.

deviceinfo-file-extension
deviceinfo-file-description Apple iPhone Configuration Utility file
deviceinfo-file-description Files with deviceinfo extension are used for Apple iPhone Configuration utility. They include some information about iOS device configured by iPCU.

devicemanifest-ms-file-extension
devicemanifest-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows device metadata
devicemanifest-ms-file-description A devicemanifest-ms file extension is related to Microsoft Windows operating system. A .devicemanifest-ms file stores device metadata.

devicemetadata-ms-file-extension
devicemetadata-ms-file-description Windows Device Metadata device package
devicemetadata-ms-file-description Files with devicemetadata-ms file extension can be found all Windows operating systems since version 7. These files represent control panel settings when a new device is installed.

devicesalt-file-extension
devicesalt-file-description Nook encrypted data
devicesalt-file-description A devicesalt file extension is related to the Nook, a software and device for reading e-books. A devicesalt file stores encrypted data.

devpackage-file-extension
devpackage-file-description Dev-C++ package
devpackage-file-description A devpackage file extension is related to the Dev-C++ development tool and used for its package files.

devpak-file-extension
devpak-file-description Dev-C++ developer package
devpak-file-description Files with devpak file extension can be found as developer packages from  Dev-C++ development environment.

devx-file-extension
devx-file-description e-sword devotional file
devx-file-description Files with devx extension are used by the e-Sword application as a database files format.

dewf-file-extension
dewf-file-description SoundCap, SoundEdit recorded instrument
dewf-file-description A dewf file extension is related to the 8-bit sound, instrument file format, developed by Adobe.

dex-file-extension
dex-file-description Google Android compiled executable
dex-file-description Files with dex extension is related to Google Android operating system and used for its compiled executable files.

dexe-file-extension
dexe-file-description Microsoft Virtual PC for Mac executable
dexe-file-description A dexe file extension is related to the Microsoft Virtual PC and used for its executable files.

dexter-file-extension
dexter-file-description Troldesh (variant) ransomware affected file
dexter-file-description Files with Dexter extension can be found as files encrypted and affected by a ransomware labeled as Troldesh.

dez-file-extension
dez-file-description DeZign for Databases project
dez-file-description Files with dez suffix can be most often found as projects from DeZign for Databases database design and modeling tool.

de_-file-extension
de_-file-description Unknown file extension
de_-file-description Files with de_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

df-file-extension
df-file-description Lightscape parameters
df-file-description Files with df extension can be found as parameter files from Lightscape Visualization System.

df1-file-extension
df1-file-description Omnis7 and Omnis Studio database file format
df1-file-description A df1 file extension is related to the Omnis Studio and used for its database file format.

df10-file-extension
df10-file-description IRIG 106 recording directory file
df10-file-description Detailed description

df2-file-extension
df2-file-description Omnis7 and Omnis Studio database file format
df2-file-description A df2 file extension is related to the Omnis7 and Omnis Studio development environmets. A df2 file stores database.

df3-file-extension
df3-file-description POV-Ray file
df3-file-description Files with df3 extension are associated with POV-Ray program. They include some graphics scene data.

df4-file-extension
df4-file-description Omnis Studio database file format
df4-file-description A df4 file extension is related to the Omnis Studio, a RAD tool. A df4 file contains database.

df6-file-extension
df6-file-description Omnis7 and Omnis Studio database
df6-file-description A df6 file extension is related to the Omnis7 and Omnis Studio, an integrated development environments. A df6 file contains database.

df7-file-extension
df7-file-description Omnis Studio database
df7-file-description A df7 file extension is related to the Omnis Studio version 7 and used for its database files.

dfa-file-extension
dfa-file-description Amateur Strip Poker data
dfa-file-description A dfa file extension is related to Amateur Strip Poker and used for its game data.

dfb-file-extension
dfb-file-description Data Flask formula
dfb-file-description A dfb file extension is related to the Data Flask a spreadsheet tool and used for its formula files.

dfc-file-extension
dfc-file-description Defractor instrument
dfc-file-description A dfc file extension is related to the Defractor program. A dfc file stores instrument.

dfd-file-extension
dfd-file-description ABC programming language dyadic functions data
dfd-file-description A dfd file extension is related to the ABC programming language dyadic functions data format.

dfe-file-extension
dfe-file-description RISC OS comma separated value file
dfe-file-description Files with dfe extension are used for the RISC OS for ARM chip sets. They include document in comma separated value file format.

dfg-file-extension
dfg-file-description Data Flask grid data
dfg-file-description A dfg file extension is related to the Data Flask grid data format.

dfh-file-extension
dfh-file-description SONAR kit data
dfh-file-description A dfh file extension is related to the SONAR audio workstation.

dfi-file-extension
dfi-file-description Digifont outline font description
dfi-file-description Files with dfi file extension are associated with Digifont system. They include font description data.

dfl-file-extension
dfl-file-description Fresh Download list
dfl-file-description A dfl file extension is related to the Fresh Download and used for its list of downloads.

dfm-file-extension
dfm-file-description Data Flow diagram model (Prosa)
dfm-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe DFM file extension!

dfn-file-extension
dfn-file-description Delphi definition data
dfn-file-description A dfn file extension is associated with Delphi and it is used for files that contain definitions.

dfont-file-extension
dfont-file-description Mac Data Fork Suitcase Format
dfont-file-description A dfont file extension is associated with the Mac Data Fork Suitcase Format. A dfont file stores font.

dfp-file-extension
dfp-file-description eyeon Fusion plugin file
dfp-file-description Files with dfp extension are used by the eyeon Fusion 3D graphics software.

dfproj-file-extension
dfproj-file-description DVD Flick project
dfproj-file-description A dfproj file extension is related to the DVD Flick and used for its project files.

dfq-file-extension
dfq-file-description SmartWare query definition data
dfq-file-description Files with dfq file extension can be found as query definition files from SmartWare database programming platform.

dfr-file-extension
dfr-file-description DataFlex installation serial number
dfr-file-description Files with dfr file extension can be found as one of the supporting files for DataFlex program. Installation serial number file.

dfs-file-extension
dfs-file-description AutoCAD utility defaults file format
dfs-file-description A dfs file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a 3D modeling tool. A dfs file contains defaults file data.

dft-file-extension
dft-file-description Solid Edge drawing
dft-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe DFT file extension!

dfti-file-extension
dfti-file-description FlexiWrite document
dfti-file-description Files with dfti extension are documents made and saved using FlexiWrite word processor.

dfu-file-extension
dfu-file-description Apple iOS firmware update
dfu-file-description Files with dfu extension can be found as firmware updates for iOS system on iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch devices with iOS operating system.

dfv-file-extension
dfv-file-description Microsoft Word print format template
dfv-file-description Files with dfv file extension are used by Microsoft Word print template format.

dfw-file-extension
dfw-file-description SmartWare cross-tab definition
dfw-file-description A dfw file extension is related to the SmartWare and used for its cross-tab definition.

dfx-file-extension
dfx-file-description Micrografx Designer effects
dfx-file-description Files with dfx file extension can be mostly found as effect setting files for Micrografx Designer software.

dfxp-file-extension
dfxp-file-description Timed Text Markup Language distribution format exchange profile
dfxp-file-description Files with dfxp extension might be typically found as exchange profiles with subtitles for on-line Flash or Silverlight video.

dg-file-extension
dg-file-description Auto-trol vector graphics
dg-file-description Files with dg file extension can be often found as vector graphics files from Auto-trol program.

dg-key-file-extension
dg-key-file-description DigiGuide key
dg-key-file-description A dg-key file extension is related to the DigiGuide, a TV guide program. A dg-key file contains saved user key.

dg1-file-extension
dg1-file-description DuneGraph picture image
dg1-file-description A dg1 file extension is associated with the DuneGraph picture image file format.

dg3-file-extension
dg3-file-description DeltaGraph file
dg3-file-description Files with dg3 extension are used by DeltaGraph program. They probably contain some sophisticated charts and graphs.

dgaddin-file-extension
dgaddin-file-description DigiGuide add-in
dgaddin-file-description A dgaddin file extension is related to add-in files used by DigiGuide software.

dgb-file-extension
dgb-file-description FlashCAD drawing database
dgb-file-description A dgb file extension is related to the FlashCAD software. A dgb file contains drawing database.

dgc-file-extension
dgc-file-description TurboTax tax form
dgc-file-description A dgc file extension is related to the TurboTax, a tax preparation software and used for its tax form files.

dgcr-file-extension
dgcr-file-description DigitalGCodecArchiver data
dgcr-file-description A dgcr file extension is related to the DigitalGCodecArchiver software for Windows.

dgdat-file-extension
dgdat-file-description DoubleGIS database format
dgdat-file-description Files with dgdat file extension can be found as databases from Russian Double GIS navigation software.

dge-file-extension
dge-file-description Micro Focus Enterprise Developer declaration data
dge-file-description A dge file extension is related to the Micro Focus Enterprise Developer declaration file format.

dgf-file-extension
dgf-file-description GPS Pathfinder Office geoid grid file
dgf-file-description Files with dgf suffix can be found as GPS related files for GPS Pathfinder Office program from Trimble.

dgi-file-extension
dgi-file-description HDConvertToX input data
dgi-file-description A dgi file extension is associated with the HDConvertToX input file format.

dgimglib-file-extension
dgimglib-file-description DigiGuide image library
dgimglib-file-description A dgimglib file extension is related to the DigiGuide software image library files.

dgk-file-extension
dgk-file-description Delcam PowerMILL data
dgk-file-description A dgk file extension is related to the Delcam PowerMILL a CAM software. A dkg file stores data from PowerMILL.

dgl-file-extension
dgl-file-description DigiGuide language data
dgl-file-description A dgl file extension is related to the DigiGuide, a UK TV guide software. A dgl file stores language translation,

dgm-file-extension
dgm-file-description IBM Lotus Freelance Graphics diagram data
dgm-file-description A dgm file extension is related to the IBM Lotus Freelance Graphics software. A dgm file stores diagram created in Freelance Graphics.

dgmaker-file-extension
dgmaker-file-description DigiGuide marker file
dgmaker-file-description Files with DGMARKER extension can be found as marker files from DigiGuide TV platform.

dgmarker-file-extension
dgmarker-file-description DigiGuide description file
dgmarker-file-description A dgmarker file extension is related to the DigiGuide software.

dgml-file-extension
dgml-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Directed Graph Markup Language source code
dgml-file-description Files with dgml file extension are associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio Directed Graph Markup Language source codes.

dgnlib-file-extension
dgnlib-file-description MicroStation design library
dgnlib-file-description A dgnlib file extension is related to Bentley MicroStation and used for its design library files.

dgo-file-extension
dgo-file-description EqualLogic diagnostic log
dgo-file-description Files with dgo suffix can be mainly found as diagnostic logs exported from EqualLogic SAN (Storage Area Network) devices.

dgp-file-extension
dgp-file-description ATARI picture image
dgp-file-description A dgp file extension is related to the ATARI picture image file format.

dgpd-file-extension
dgpd-file-description DeltaGraph document
dgpd-file-description An sgpd file extension is related to the DeltaGraph program and used for its document files.

dgprint-file-extension
dgprint-file-description DigiGuide print template
dgprint-file-description A dgprint file extension is related to the DigiGuide and used for its print template files.

dgr-file-extension
dgr-file-description MicroStation CAD design
dgr-file-description Files with dgr file extension can be often found as CAD designs prepared using Bentley MicroStation CAD software for Windows.

dgrecommend-file-extension
dgrecommend-file-description DigiGuide file
dgrecommend-file-description The dgrecommend file extension is related to the DigiGuide and used for its data files.

dgrh-file-extension
dgrh-file-description DeltaGraph for Mac file
dgrh-file-description Detailed description

dgrp-file-extension
dgrp-file-description Retro Studios dependency group game data
dgrp-file-description Files with dgrp file suffix are associated with the Retro Studios dependency group game data format.

dgs-file-extension
dgs-file-description TES Dagesh Pro document
dgs-file-description Files with dgs suffix are in most cases Hebrew document made and saved using the Dagesh Pro word processing tool.

dgscheme-file-extension
dgscheme-file-description DigiGuide TV scheme
dgscheme-file-description Files with dgscheme extension are related to the DigiGuide TV software.

dgscheme-web-file-extension
dgscheme-web-file-description DigiGuide TV scheme
dgscheme-web-file-description Files with dgscheme-web extension are scheme files for the DigiGuide TV services.

dgscript-file-extension
dgscript-file-description DigiGuide script
dgscript-file-description A dgscript file extension is associated with DigiGuide script files.

dgsl-file-extension
dgsl-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio visual shader graph file
dgsl-file-description Files with dgsl extension are used by the Microsoft Visual Studio program.

dgt-file-extension
dgt-file-description Digital Gallery data
dgt-file-description A dgt file extension is related to the Digital Gallery, an app used to create web photo galleries.

dgtoolbar-file-extension
dgtoolbar-file-description DigiGuide Toolbar file
dgtoolbar-file-description The dgtoolbar file stores some kind of data used by  DigiGuide Toolbar.

dgu-file-extension
dgu-file-description DuneGraph picture image
dgu-file-description A dgu file extension is related to the DuneGraph picture image file format.

dgw-file-extension
dgw-file-description Digi-Watcher video data
dgw-file-description Files with dgw file extension are related to the Digi-Watcher video data format.

dgx-file-extension
dgx-file-description IBM Rational XDE diagram
dgx-file-description A dgx file extension is related to the IBM Rational XDE, a development tool from IBM. A dgx file contains diagram.

dgz-file-extension
dgz-file-description Dega saved state
dgz-file-description A dgz file extension is related to the Dega emulator and used for its saved state files.

dharma-file-extension
dharma-file-description CrySiS ransomware affected file
dharma-file-description Files with dharma suffix are in most cases encrypted and renamed by one of the variants of CrySIS ransomware.

dhcd-file-extension
dhcd-file-description DHCD Computing file
dhcd-file-description Detailed description

dhe-file-extension
dhe-file-description Microsoft Help Workshop dialog box help editor document
dhe-file-description A dhe file extension is related to the Microsoft Help Workshop and used for its document files created in the dialog box help editor.

dhf-file-extension
dhf-file-description AMIGA emulator disk image ROM file
dhf-file-description Files with dhf extension are used by the Amiga Forever emulating software. They include some disk image data.

dhl-file-extension
dhl-file-description Deepnet http server daily log file
dhl-file-description A dhl file extension is related to Deepnet http server software and used for its server daily log.

dhm-file-extension
dhm-file-description Shadowgrounds mission data
dhm-file-description A dhm file extension is related to the Shadowgrounds video games and used for its mission data.

dhp-file-extension
dhp-file-description Dr. Halo II-III bitmap file
dhp-file-description Files with dhp extension are associated wih Dr.Halo application. They contain raster image file information.

dhr-file-extension
dhr-file-description Amiga multi-palette bitmap image
dhr-file-description A dhr file extension is related to the multi-palette file format used by Commodore Amiga computers.

dhrp-file-extension
dhrp-file-description Apple IIe or Apple IIc double hi-res image file
dhrp-file-description Files with DHRP extension might be found as old double hi-res images from Apple II computers.

dhs-file-extension
dhs-file-description Shadowgrounds saved game
dhs-file-description A dhs file extension is related to the Shadowgrounds computer game and used for its saved game files.

dht-file-extension
dht-file-description DanTemplate HTML template
dht-file-description A dht file extension is related to the DanTemplate HTML template format.

dhtml-file-extension
dhtml-file-description Dynamic HTML document
dhtml-file-description A dhtml file extension is associated with the Dynamic HTML file format. It is used to give authors creative control so they can manipulate any page element and change styles, positioning, and content at any time.

dhv-file-extension
dhv-file-description Doc-To-Help file lock
dhv-file-description A dhv file extension is related to the Doc-To-Help and used for its data files.

dhw-file-extension
dhw-file-description ACECAD Digimemo memo
dhw-file-description A dhw file extension is associated with the ACECAD Digimemo Manager Organizing Software. A dhw file stores memo data.

dhx-file-extension
dhx-file-description Datamine Studio data
dhx-file-description Files with dhx file suffix are related to the Datamine Studio data format.

dhy-file-extension
dhy-file-description Adobe Bridge information file
dhy-file-description Files with dhy file extension can be typically encountered as some kind of information files for photos downloaded (or accessed) using Adobe Bridge.

di-file-extension
di-file-description Digital Illusion audio data
di-file-description Files with di extension were associated with old Pinball games as an audio format.

dia-file-extension
dia-file-description Microsoft SharePoint Server 2007 temporary data
dia-file-description A dia file extension is related to the Microsoft SharePoint Server 2007. A dia file stores temporary data.

diag-file-extension
diag-file-description Microsoft Windows Troubleshooting Pack Designer data
diag-file-description Files with diag file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Troubleshooting Pack Designer.

diagcab-file-extension
diagcab-file-description Microsoft Windows Troubleshooting CAB data
diagcab-file-description A diagcab file extension is used for Microsoft Windows Troubleshooting cab files.

diagcfg-file-extension
diagcfg-file-description Microsoft Windows Troubleshooting configuration
diagcfg-file-description A diagcfg file extension is used for Microsoft Windows Troubleshooting configuration files.

diagpkg-file-extension
diagpkg-file-description Microsoft Windows Troubleshooting package
diagpkg-file-description A diagpkg file extension is used for package files created by the Microsoft Windows Troubleshooting service.

diagsession-file-extension
diagsession-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio diagnostic session
diagsession-file-description Files with diagsession extension are mainly related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment.

dialog-file-extension
dialog-file-description UltraEdit data
dialog-file-description A dialog file extension is related to the UltraEdit editing tool for Windows.

diamonddetectivesavedgame-file-extension
diamonddetectivesavedgame-file-description Diamond Detective saved game
diamonddetectivesavedgame-file-description A diamonddetectivesavedgame file extension is related to the Diamond Detective computer game.

dicm-file-extension
dicm-file-description DICOM medicine picture
dicm-file-description Files with dicm extension can be mainly found as medical images in DICOM format. Viewable in several graphical viewers and editors.

dicom-file-extension
dicom-file-description Medicine image file format
dicom-file-description Files with dicom file extension can be found as images in special Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine format.

dicombz2-file-extension
dicombz2-file-description DICOM bz2 compressed image
dicombz2-file-description A dicombz2 file extension is related to the DICOM picture image format. A dicombz2 file contains bz2 compressed picture image.

dicomzip-file-extension
dicomzip-file-description DICOM zipped image
dicomzip-file-description A dicomzip file extension is related to the DICOM picture image format. A dicomzip file contains ZIP compressed picture image.

dicproof-file-extension
dicproof-file-description Microsoft Office dictionary proofing file
dicproof-file-description Detailed description

dict-file-extension
dict-file-description Microsoft Virtual PC dictionary
dict-file-description A dict file extension is related to the Microsoft Virtual PC an emulation software. A dict file stores some kind of dictionary data.

did-file-extension
did-file-description IKON DISC image document identifier
did-file-description A did file extension is related to the IKON DISC image software. A did file contains document identifier.

die-file-extension
die-file-description Diablo item data
die-file-description A die file extension is related to the Diablo, a hack and slash RPG computer game and used for its item files.

dif-file-extension
dif-file-description Navy DIF spreadsheet
dif-file-description Files with dif file extension may be found as very old spreadsheets in the NAVY Data Interchange Format. Somewhat rare nowadays.

diff-file-extension
diff-file-description Diff source data
diff-file-description Files with diff file extension can be generally found as output files from diff file comparison utility.

dig-file-extension
dig-file-description Audio file
dig-file-description Files with dig extension are used as audio data file format.

digest-file-extension
digest-file-description HERE Maps for Android data
digest-file-description Files with digest file extension are commonly used by HERE Maps for Android GPS navigation.

digi-file-extension
digi-file-description DIGIBooster module format
digi-file-description Files with digi file suffix are related to the DIGIBooster module format.

dii-file-extension
dii-file-description TrialDirector load data
dii-file-description A dii file extension is related to the TrialDirector load data format.

dil-file-extension
dil-file-description Delphi data
dil-file-description Files with dil file extension might be most found as part of Delphi development package.

dim-file-extension
dim-file-description Direct Internet Message Encapsulation DIME data
dim-file-description A dim file extension is associated with the Direct Internet Message Encapsulation DIME file format used for sending and receiving SOAP messages.

dimax-file-extension
dimax-file-description DiMAX firmware file
dimax-file-description Files with dimax extension are used by the DiMAX Updatetool program.

dime-file-extension
dime-file-description Direct Internet Message Encapsulation format
dime-file-description A dime file extension is associated with the Direct Internet Message Encapsulation format.

dimg-file-extension
dimg-file-description Mac disk image
dimg-file-description A dimg file extension is related to the disk image format used by old versions of operating system for Macintosh computers.

din-file-extension
din-file-description DataEase installation script
din-file-description A din file extension is related to the DataEase installation scripts.

dinerdash2savedgame-file-extension
dinerdash2savedgame-file-description Diner Dash 2 saved game
dinerdash2savedgame-file-description A dinerdash2savedgame file extension is associated with the Diner Dash 2 - Restaurant Rescue saved game files.

dinerdashsavedgame-file-extension
dinerdashsavedgame-file-description Diner Dash saved game file
dinerdashsavedgame-file-description Detailed description

dinfo-file-extension
dinfo-file-description DivX Web Player temporary download
dinfo-file-description A dinfo file extension is related to the DivX Web Player software for PC and Mac. A dinfo file contains temporary data.

dio-file-extension
dio-file-description iPaq 914c flash data
dio-file-description A dio file extension is related to the iPaq 914c flash data format.

dip-file-extension
dip-file-description Windows bitmap format
dip-file-description Files with dip extension can be usually found as graphics images in one of the Windows bitmap formats, similar to standard bmp images.

dipx-file-extension
dipx-file-description DVDInfoPro data
dipx-file-description A dipx file extension is related to the DVDInfoPro software for Microsoft Windows. A dipx file contains data.

dir-file-extension
dir-file-description Adobe (Macromedia) Director project
dir-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe DIR file extension!

dir00-file-extension
dir00-file-description Disk defrag error or dump file
dir00-file-description Files with DIR00 extension might be found as temporary, dump or error files in some earlier version of Microsoft Windows.

directory-file-extension
directory-file-description KDE folder view properties
directory-file-description Files with .directory file extension might be found as some sort folder settings file, mostly on Linux platform.

dis-file-extension
dis-file-description Oracle Discoverer workbook
dis-file-description A dis file extension is related to the Oracle Discoverer and used for its workbook (spreadsheet) format.

disabled-file-extension
disabled-file-description Spybot - Search & Destroy data
disabled-file-description A .disabled file extension is related to the Spybot - Search & Destroy software. A disabled file stores some kind of data.

disc-file-extension
disc-file-description Roxio Toast disc image
disc-file-description A disc file extension is associated with the Roxio Toast disc image format.

disco-file-extension
disco-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio dynamic discovery document
disco-file-description A disco file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio. A disco file contains links to other discovery documents.

discomap-file-extension
discomap-file-description Microsoft DISCO discovery output data
discomap-file-description A discomap file extension is related to the Web Services Discovery Tool from Microsoft.

discovery-file-extension
discovery-file-description HP Printer Utility for Mac discovery plugin
discovery-file-description A discovery file extension is related to the HP Printer Utility for macOS (OS X). A .discovery file stores plugin.

disk-file-extension
disk-file-description Linux virtual hard disk file
disk-file-description Files with disk extension are used by some Linux distributions. They contain virtual disk image data.

diskcopy42-file-extension
diskcopy42-file-description Apple Disk Copy 4.2 disk image file
diskcopy42-file-description Detailed description

diskdefines-file-extension
diskdefines-file-description Linux LiveCD information data
diskdefines-file-description A diskdefines file extension is related to the Linux LiveCD information file format.

disktective-file-extension
disktective-file-description Unknown file extension
disktective-file-description Files with disktective file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

disposition-notification-file-extension
disposition-notification-file-description Message Disposition Notification
disposition-notification-file-description Files with disposition-notification are related to the Message Disposition Notification files used by e-mail clients.

dist-file-extension
dist-file-description Apple Mac OS X Installer distribution script
dist-file-description Files with dist file extension are associated with the Apple Mac OS X Installer distribution scripts (macOS Installer distribution scripts)-

dist-rdb-file-extension
dist-rdb-file-description SAM scoring file
dist-rdb-file-description The DIST-RDB file extension is related to the SAM (Sequence Alignment and Modeling) format. The *.dist-rdb file contains sequence identifiers, lengths, scores, and information about scoring method created with hmmscore.

distz-file-extension
distz-file-description Apple Mac OS X Installer distribution data
distz-file-description A distz file extension is associated with the Apple Mac OS X operating system. A distz file stores distribution data for system Installer.

dit-file-extension
dit-file-description Microsoft Windows 2000 Active directory schema
dit-file-description Files with dit file extension can be found as one of the system file from Windows 2000 operating system. Active directory schema file.

dita-file-extension
dita-file-description DITA output data
dita-file-description Files with dita file extension can be found as special XML files in the Darwin Information Typing Architecture format.

ditamap-file-extension
ditamap-file-description DITAmap data
ditamap-file-description Files with ditamap file extension can be found as some sort of settings file for DITA Maps Manager.

ditaval-file-extension
ditaval-file-description Oxygen XML Editor data
ditaval-file-description A ditaval file extension is related to the Oxygen XML Editor tool for Windows.

div-file-extension
div-file-description DIVA-GIS project
div-file-description Files with div file extension can be nowadays mostly found as projects from DIVA-GIS geographic data analysis tool.

diva-file-extension
diva-file-description Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA data
diva-file-description A diva file extension is related to the Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA video game.

divx-file-extension
divx-file-description DivX Media Format
divx-file-description A divx file extension is used for video files in DivX Media Format. High quality video format.

dix-file-extension
dix-file-description Stonevoice Translator extended dictionary
dix-file-description Files with dix file extension can be found as extended dictionary files from Stonevoice Translator program.

diy-file-extension
diy-file-description My Drivers backup file
diy-file-description Files with diy suffix are in most cases backups that were made using the My Drivers driver backup utility. Can be restored using the program.

diz-file-extension
diz-file-description Description in ZIP archive
diz-file-description Files with diz extension are in most cases just special text files that contain description about data in attached ZIP archive.

di_-file-extension
di_-file-description Unknown file extension
di_-file-description Files with di_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

dj-file-extension
dj-file-description DJGPP docs data
dj-file-description Files with dj extension were also used in old program for MS-DOS called DJGPP. Some sort of C/C++ development program.

dja-file-extension
dja-file-description DunDjinni file
dja-file-description Files with dja extension are used by Dundjinni system. They contain some data for internal purposes.

djae-file-extension
djae-file-description Digital Juice for Adobe After Effects data
djae-file-description Files with djae file extension are used for the Digital Juice Motion Designer's Toolkit packages.

djanimations-file-extension
djanimations-file-description Digital Juice animation data
djanimations-file-description Files with djanimations file extension might be found as some kind Digital Juice animations, or motion graphics that can be opened in Juicer software.

djbz-file-extension
djbz-file-description DjVu shared dictionary
djbz-file-description A djbz file extension is related to the DjVu shared dictionary file format.

djc-file-extension
djc-file-description RootPro CAD data
djc-file-description A djc file extension is related to the RootPro CAD a CAD/CAM drawing software.

djconf-file-extension
djconf-file-description DJScript internal script configuration
djconf-file-description Files with djconf extension can be found as some kind of internal script configuration file for DJScript programming language.

djconfig-file-extension
djconfig-file-description DJScript internal script configuration
djconfig-file-description Files with djconfig extension can be found as some kind of internal script configuration file for DJScript programming language.

djd-file-extension
djd-file-description Digital Juice data
djd-file-description Files with djd file extension are related to the Juicer program.

djf-file-extension
djf-file-description NTI drive backup
djf-file-description A djf file extension is related to the NTI Backup Now adn used for its backup files.

djg-file-extension
djg-file-description DJGPP Compiler makefile
djg-file-description A djg file extension is associated with the DJGPP development environment and used for its makefiles.

djm-file-extension
djm-file-description Dynojet map file
djm-file-description Files with djm extension are used by Dynojet accessories.

djmusic-file-extension
djmusic-file-description Digital Juice music data
djmusic-file-description A djmusic file extension is related to the Juicer developed by Digital Juice. A djmusic file stores some music project for Juicer.

djplugin-file-extension
djplugin-file-description Digital Juice plug-in
djplugin-file-description A djplugin file extension is related to the Juicer software developed by Digital Juice. A djplugin file contains add-on.

djprojects-file-extension
djprojects-file-description Digital Juice compressed audio data
djprojects-file-description Files with djprojects file extension can be found as compressed projects made in Digital Juicer software.

djr-file-extension
djr-file-description Adobe Director video JAVA resource file
djr-file-description Files with djr extension are used by the Adobe Director program. They include some kind of various data.

djrevealers-file-extension
djrevealers-file-description Digital Juice data
djrevealers-file-description A djrevealers file extension is related to the Digital Juice Juicer software.

djs-file-extension
djs-file-description NASCAR Thunder 2004 game music file
djs-file-description Files with djs extension are used for NASCAR Thunder 2004 video game. They include music data files.

djscript-file-extension
djscript-file-description DJScript file
djscript-file-description Files with djconf extension can be found as some kind of script file for DJScript programming language.

djswipes-file-extension
djswipes-file-description Digital Juice data
djswipes-file-description A djswipes file extension is related to the Juicer software developed by Digital Juice for Windows.

djv-file-extension
djv-file-description DjVu image
djv-file-description A djv file extension is associated with the DjVu document file format especially designed to store scanned images with text and line drawings.

djx-file-extension
djx-file-description Dundjinni art data
djx-file-description A djx file extension is related to the Dundjinni program. A djx file contains art data.

dk-file-extension
dk-file-description Danish text/localization
dk-file-description Files with dk suffix can be often found as localization files in Danish language.

dk%40p-file-extension
dk%40p-file-description DocMaker standalone document
dk%40p-file-description A dk@p file extension is related to the DocMaker for Macintosh. A dk@p file contains document.

dkb-file-extension
dkb-file-description DKBTrace raytraced graphics
dkb-file-description A dkb file extension is associated with the DKBTrace, a ray tracing software. A dkb file contains raytraced graphics.

dkc-file-extension
dkc-file-description Avid DekoCast data
dkc-file-description A dkc file extension is related to the Avid DekoCast and used for its data files.

dkd-file-extension
dkd-file-description Karaoke music
dkd-file-description Files with dkd extension can be mainly found as Karaoke files from programs/devices popular in Asia.

dke-file-extension
dke-file-description DriveLock FDE disk key
dke-file-description A dke file extension is related to the DriveLock program. A dke file contains FDE disk key.

dki-file-extension
dki-file-description DoppelKopf game data
dki-file-description Files with dki file extension can be found as part of DoppleKopf game. Most likely very old and not used nowadays.

dkl-file-extension
dkl-file-description DupKiller file list
dkl-file-description A dkl file extension is related to the DupKiller, a software for Microsoft Windows and used for its file lists.

dklang-file-extension
dklang-file-description DKLang Translation Editor translation file
dklang-file-description Fiels with dklang extension are used for DKLang Translation Editor. They include saved data.

dkn-file-extension
dkn-file-description ONETEP density kernel data
dkn-file-description A dkn file extension is related to the ONETEP density kernel file format.

dkp-file-extension
dkp-file-description Dreamkeys plug-in
dkp-file-description Files with dkp suffix can be perhaps as old plugins for Dreamkeys tool used to define keystroke combinations.

dkr-file-extension
dkr-file-description Cisco MDS 9000 DKR data
dkr-file-description A file extension dkr is related to the Cisco MDS 9000 DKR data format.

dks-file-extension
dks-file-description DataKeeper configuration
dks-file-description Files with dks file extension might be found as configuration files from old Symantec DataKeeper program. Obsolete file type.

dkt-file-extension
dkt-file-description Drumstation drum kit file
dkt-file-description Files with dkt extension are used by Drumstation audio composing program. They include drum kit data.

dkx-file-extension
dkx-file-description Avid DekoCast data
dkx-file-description A dkx file extension is related to the Avid DekoCast and used for its data files.

dkz-file-extension
dkz-file-description ZIP description text
dkz-file-description A dkz file extension related to the ZIP description text file format.

dl-file-extension
dl-file-description Zoo Tycoon 2 game data
dl-file-description A dl file extension is related to the Zoo Tycoon 2 computer game from Microsoft Studios.

dl0-file-extension
dl0-file-description Abbyy Finereader 4.0 sprint data
dl0-file-description A dl0 file extension is related to the Abbyy Finereader, an OCR and PDF program. A dl0 file contains sprint data.

dla-file-extension
dla-file-description Defense Department DLA Procurement Data
dla-file-description Files with dla file extension might be found as Defense Logistics Agency data files used by US Navy.

dlb-file-extension
dlb-file-description Troj/Dloadr-AHT data
dlb-file-description A dlb file extension is associated with the Troj/Dloadr-AHT malware for Microsoft Windows.

dlc-file-extension
dlc-file-description 3D Studio Max animation controller
dlc-file-description A dlc file extension is associated with the 3ds Max (formerly 3D Studio Max). A dlc file contains animation controller plug-in that is used to manage animations. Used for creating of animations.

dlct-file-extension
dlct-file-description AppleScript Dialect file
dlct-file-description Detailed description

dld-file-extension
dld-file-description DLL Detective file or downloaded data
dld-file-description A dld file extension is related to the DLL Detective, a tool for processing communications between Windows applications and dynamic link libraries (DLLs).

dle-file-extension
dle-file-description 3D Studio Max plugin
dle-file-description Files with dle suffix can be most notable found as special plugins for 3ds Max / 3D Studio Max 3D modeling software from Autodesk.

dlf-file-extension
dlf-file-description Belkin router firmware update
dlf-file-description Files with dlf file extension can be most often found as firmware update files for Belkin routers and perhaps other devices from this vendor.

dlg-file-extension
dlg-file-description Microsoft Windows dialogue resource script
dlg-file-description A dlg file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A dlg file stores dialog resource script.

dli-file-extension
dli-file-description Win32.Sober.AD@mm file
dli-file-description Files with dli extension are dangerous and contain mail worms.

dlis-file-extension
dlis-file-description Digital Log Interchange Standard format
dlis-file-description Files with dlis file extension are data files in Digital Log Interchange Standard format.

dlk-file-extension
dlk-file-description INMOS Transputer Development System Occam Compiler link info
dlk-file-description A dlk file extension is related to the INMOS Transputer Development System Occam Compiler link info files.

dll1-file-extension
dll1-file-description ASUS Express Gate (Splashtop) data
dll1-file-description A dll1 file extension is related to the ASUS Express Gate and used for its data files.

dlls-file-extension
dlls-file-description UFO: Alien Invasion plugin
dlls-file-description A dlls file extension is related to the UFO: Alien Invasion computer game and used for its plugin files.

dllx-file-extension
dllx-file-description Backdoor.Bot data
dllx-file-description A dllx file extension is associated with the Backdoor.Bot a backdoor trojan for Windows. A dllx file contains data.

dll_1029-file-extension
dll_1029-file-description Microsoft Windows Dynamic Link Library
dll_1029-file-description A dll_1029 file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system and used for its dynamic link library files.

dll_non_opt-file-extension
dll_non_opt-file-description Adobe data
dll_non_opt-file-description A dll_non_opt file extension is related to the data files used by applications developed by Adobe.

dll_resp-file-extension
dll_resp-file-description Microsoft Windows Live Messenger contact related data
dll_resp-file-description A dll_resp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Live Messenger. It is obsolete software.

dlm-file-extension
dlm-file-description Adobe Download Manager partial download
dlm-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe DLM file extension!

dlo-file-extension
dlo-file-description 3D Studio Max plugin file
dlo-file-description Files with dlo extension are used by 3D Studio Max program. They are data plugins files.

dlog-file-extension
dlog-file-description Pro Tools log
dlog-file-description A dlog file extension is related to the Pro Tools from Avid. A dlog file stores log.

dlp-file-extension
dlp-file-description DirectMusic Producer DLS data
dlp-file-description Files with dlp extension can be found as audio data files from DirectMusic Producer.

dlpf-file-extension
dlpf-file-description DinkeyLook diagnostic information
dlpf-file-description A dlpf file extension is related to the DinkeyLook utility. A dlpf file stores diagnostic information.

dlr-file-extension
dlr-file-description TIB browser data
dlr-file-description Files with dlr file extension might be found as part of TIB browser.

dls-file-extension
dls-file-description DownLoadable sound
dls-file-description A dls file extension is associated with the DownLoadable sound file format.

dlt-file-extension
dlt-file-description VCTEditor data
dlt-file-description Files with dlt file suffix are related to the VCTEditor software.

dltemp-file-extension
dltemp-file-description UC Browser incomplete download
dltemp-file-description Files with dltemp extension are used by UC Browser for incomplete download.

dlu-file-extension
dlu-file-description 3D Studio Max utility plug-in
dlu-file-description A dlu file extension is related to the 3D Studio Max a 3D rendering software. A dlu file contains utility plug-in.

dlv-file-extension
dlv-file-description CATIA exported data
dlv-file-description A dlv file extension is related to the CATIA, a CAD software for Microsoft Windows and Unix. A dlv file stores exported data.

dlv3-file-extension
dlv3-file-description CATIA exported data
dlv3-file-description A dlv3 file extension is related to the CATIA a 3D CAD tool for Windows and Unix. A dlv3 file contains exported data.

dlv4-file-extension
dlv4-file-description Catia file format
dlv4-file-description A div4 file extension is related to the CATIA program. A div4 file stores some kind of data.

dlw-file-extension
dlw-file-description DALiM LiTHO line work bitmap
dlw-file-description Files with dlw file extension are related to the Blanchard Systems DALiM LiTHO application.

dlx-file-extension
dlx-file-description Sony VDU file format importer
dlx-file-description A dlx file extension is related to the Sony VDU file format importer.

dly-file-extension
dly-file-description Xilinx ISE ReportGen delay information
dly-file-description Files with dly file extension are related to the Xilinx ISE ReportGen delay information.

dlz-file-extension
dlz-file-description Crossword Power Tools crossword library
dlz-file-description A dlz file extension is related to the Crossword Power Tools crossword library format.

dl_-file-extension
dl_-file-description Microsoft Windows DLL backup
dl_-file-description A dl_ file extension is related to Microsoft Windows operating system. A dl_ file stores backup of dynamic link library (dll file).

dm-file-extension
dm-file-description Paradox data model
dm-file-description Files with dm extension can be usually encountered as data models from Paradox database system.

dm1-file-extension
dm1-file-description Desktop Music Software score file
dm1-file-description Files with dm1 extension are used for the Desktop Music Software.

dm2-file-extension
dm2-file-description Quake II recorded game
dm2-file-description A dm2 file extension is related to the Quake 2, video game. A dm2 file contains recorded game.

dm3-file-extension
dm3-file-description Quake 3 Arena demo
dm3-file-description A dm3 file extension is related to the Quake 3 Arena computer game and used for its demo files.

dma-file-extension
dma-file-description DMOD audio data
dma-file-description A dma file extension is related to the DMOD audio data format.

dmb-file-extension
dmb-file-description BYOND byte-code file
dmb-file-description Files with dmb etension are used by BYOND game client developed for Microsoft Windows operating system.

dmbk-file-extension
dmbk-file-description Document Manager backup
dmbk-file-description Files with dmbk file extension are commonly used by Document Manager software. A dmbk file contains backup.

dmc-file-extension
dmc-file-description nModal Solutions Datamartist data canvas
dmc-file-description A dmc file extension is related to the nModal Solutions Datamartist data canvas format.

dmd-file-extension
dmd-file-description Visual dBASE data module
dmd-file-description A dmd file extension is related to the Visual dBASE a database programming language and used for its data module files.

dmdz-file-extension
dmdz-file-description SQL Developer Data Modeler design
dmdz-file-description A dmdz file extension is related to the SQL Developer Data Modeler and used for its design files.

dme-file-extension
dme-file-description Medical Manager DML System merged data
dme-file-description A dme file extension is related to the Medical Manager DML System data merge file format.

dmf-file-extension
dmf-file-description Delusion/Xtracker audio format
dmf-file-description A dmf file extension is related to the Delusion/Xtracker audio format.

dmfr-file-extension
dmfr-file-description Download Master incomplete download
dmfr-file-description A DMFr file extension is related to the Download Master, an Internet downloading tool. A DMFr file stores incomplete download.

dmgpart-file-extension
dmgpart-file-description Apple UDIF split disk image
dmgpart-file-description A .dmgpart file extension is related to the Apple UDIF split disk image file format.

dmgr-file-extension
dmgr-file-description Desktop Manager data
dmgr-file-description A dmgr file extension is related to the Desktop Manager software.

dmi-file-extension
dmi-file-description DreamMaker data
dmi-file-description A dmi file extension is related to the DreamMaker, a animation wallpapers creator for Windows.

dmit-file-extension
dmit-file-description Autodesk Simulation data
dmit-file-description A dmit file extension is related to the Autodesk Simulation software.

dmkit-file-extension
dmkit-file-description Drumaxx file
dmkit-file-description Files with dmkit suffix are in most cases found as part of Drummax percussion modelling instrument softeare.

dml-file-extension
dml-file-description Depiction element definition data
dml-file-description A dml file extension is related to the element definition file format used by Depiction mapping software.

dmm-file-extension
dmm-file-description BYOND Dream Maker map
dmm-file-description A dmm file extension is related to the BYOND Dream Maker, a development tool. A dmm file stores map.

dmms-file-extension
dmms-file-description DropMind map style
dmms-file-description Files with dmms file extension might be found as saved mind map templates - styles from DropMind brainstorming software.

dmmx-file-extension
dmmx-file-description DropMind XML mindmap bundle
dmmx-file-description Files with dmmx file extension can be typically encountered as old mind map bundles from DropMind (iMindQ )mind mapping software.

dmn-file-extension
dmn-file-description SAS metadata
dmn-file-description A dmn file extension is related to the SAS (Statistical Analysis System).

dmnd-file-extension
dmnd-file-description SonicSelector data
dmnd-file-description A dmnd file extension is related to the SonicSelector files.

dmo-file-extension
dmo-file-description Build 3D game engine recorded games
dmo-file-description A dmo file extension is related to the Build 3D game engine recorded games.

dmod-file-extension
dmod-file-description Dink Smallwood add-on
dmod-file-description A dmod file extension is related to the Dink Smallwood RPG computer game. A dmod file stores modification for this game.

dmpatch-file-extension
dmpatch-file-description Fruity Loops Studio patch
dmpatch-file-description Files with dmpatch file extension can be found as some kind of data files for FL Studio software. Probably for patching purposes.

dmpr-file-extension
dmpr-file-description Direct Mail project file
dmpr-file-description Files with dmpr extension are used by the Direct Mail software. They include some marketing e-mail project data.

dmptrn-file-extension
dmptrn-file-description Fruity Loops Studio pattern
dmptrn-file-description A dmptrn file extension is related to the Fruity Loops Studio (FL Studio), music composing program. A dmptrn file stores sample pattern.

dmpx-file-extension
dmpx-file-description ORACLE dump data
dmpx-file-description A dmpx file extension is used for dump files generated by Oracle applications. A dmpx file is generally used for dump files in other applications as well. A dump file is a recorded state of working memory of the program at the time it was created.

dmr-file-extension
dmr-file-description BrainVoyager QX project
dmr-file-description A dmr file extension is associated with the BrainVoyager QX software. A dmr file stores project.

dms-file-extension
dms-file-description Exigen workflow imaging data file
dms-file-description A dms file extension is related to the Exigen and used for its workflow imaging data.

dmsa-file-extension
dmsa-file-description Roxio Music Disc Creator project file
dmsa-file-description Files with dmsa extension are used by the Roxio Creator. They include project data.

dmsd-file-extension
dmsd-file-description Roxio Creator MyDVD DVD project
dmsd-file-description Files with dmsd file extension can be found as DVD projects for Roxio MyDVD a video authoring tool. A dmsd file stores DVD project.

dmsd3d-file-extension
dmsd3d-file-description Roxio Creator MyDVD 3D movie project
dmsd3d-file-description A dmsd3d file extension is associated with the Roxio Creator MyDVD 3D movie project format.

dmse-file-extension
dmse-file-description Roxio Sound Editor project
dmse-file-description A dmse file suffix is related to the Roxio Sound Editor program. A dmse file contains project.

dmsk-file-extension
dmsk-file-description DivX Web Player temporary download
dmsk-file-description A dmsk file extension is related to the DivX Web Player and used for its temporary download.

dmskm-file-extension
dmskm-file-description GOM Media Player media
dmskm-file-description A dmskm file extension is related to the GOM Media Player and used for its media files.

dmsm-file-extension
dmsm-file-description Roxio Creator VideoWave movie project
dmsm-file-description A dmsm file extension is related to the Roxio Creator VideoWave and used for its  movie project files.

dmsp-file-extension
dmsp-file-description Roxio PhotoSuite project file
dmsp-file-description Files with dmsp extension are used for the Roxio PhotoSuite. They include saved projects data.

dmss-file-extension
dmss-file-description Roxio Creator VideoWave slideshow project
dmss-file-description A dmss file extension is related to the VideoWave, a video editing tool. A dmss file contains slideshow project.

dmt-file-extension
dmt-file-description Delphi menu template
dmt-file-description A dmt file extension is related to Delphi a programming and development environment. A dmt file contains menu template.

dmtemplate-file-extension
dmtemplate-file-description Direct Mail e-mail template file
dmtemplate-file-description Detailed description

dmu-file-extension
dmu-file-description Musicnizer database
dmu-file-description A dmu file extension is related to the Musicnizer, a music cataloging tool. A dmu file stores music database.

dmv-file-extension
dmv-file-description Adobe Acrobat catalog data
dmv-file-description A dmv file extension is associated with the Adobe Acrobat software for Windows and Mac. A dmv file stores parsing rules.

dmw-file-extension
dmw-file-description Datamass Ag data
dmw-file-description A dmw file extension is related to the Datamass Ag, an educational and data-logging product.

dmx-file-extension
dmx-file-description Source Filmmaker video session
dmx-file-description Files with dmx extension can be mainly found as video sessions made and save using Source Filmmaker video editing tool for Source game engine.

dmx-info-file-extension
dmx-info-file-description DriverMax data
dmx-info-file-description A dmx-info file extension is related to the DriverMax software for Microsoft Windows operating system.

dmy-file-extension
dmy-file-description SEMIA LTST DB time series data
dmy-file-description A dmy file extension is related to the SEMIA and used for its LTST DB time series data files.

dmz-file-extension
dmz-file-description DMesh 3D model
dmz-file-description Files with dmz file extension can be found as 3D Models from DMesh program.

dm_1-file-extension
dm_1-file-description Call of Duty demo
dm_1-file-description A dm_1 file extension is related to the Call of Duty, a 3D action shooter computer game and used for recorded game demos.

dm_57-file-extension
dm_57-file-description Return to Castle Wolfenstein demo
dm_57-file-description A dm_57 file extension is related to the Return to Castle Wolfenstein and used for its demo files.

dm_82-file-extension
dm_82-file-description Wolfenstein Enemy Territory demo file
dm_82-file-description Detailed description

dm_83-file-extension
dm_83-file-description Wolfenstein Enemy Territory recorded demo
dm_83-file-description A dm_83 file extension is related to the Return to Castle Wolfenstein: Enemy Territory video game. A dm_83 file contains recorded demo.

dm_84-file-extension
dm_84-file-description Wolfenstein Enemy Territory demo
dm_84-file-description A dm_84 file extension is related to the Wolfenstein Enemy Territory computer game. A dm_84 file stores recorded demo movie.

dn1-file-extension
dn1-file-description Duke Nukem episode 1 game data
dn1-file-description Files with dn1 file extension might be found as part of old Duke Nukem: Shrapnel City MS-DOS computer game.

dn2-file-extension
dn2-file-description Duke Nukem episode 2 game data
dn2-file-description Files with dn2 file extension might be found as part of old Duke Nukem: Mission: Moonbase MS-DOS computer game.

dn3-file-extension
dn3-file-description Duke Nukem episode 3 game data
dn3-file-description Files with dn3 file extension might be found as part of old Duke Nukem: Trapped in The Future MS-DOS computer game.

dna-file-extension
dna-file-description Virtual Woman digital DNA data
dna-file-description A dna file extension is related to the Virtual Woman digital DNA file format.

dnb-file-extension
dnb-file-description Microsoft Windows dns database
dnb-file-description A dnb file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A dnb file stores dns database.

dnc-file-extension
dnc-file-description Microsoft Windows XP Dancers dancer database file
dnc-file-description Files with dnc extension are used for the Dancers for Microsoft Windows XP. It is an old file including database of Windows dancers.

dnd-file-extension
dnd-file-description ClustalW2 tree data
dnd-file-description A dnd file extension is related to the ClustalW2, a general purpose multiple sequence align program for DNA. A dnd file stores tree data.

dne-file-extension
dne-file-description Netica Bayesian network text file
dne-file-description Files with dne extension are used by Netica. They include network text data.

dnf-file-extension
dnf-file-description Duke Nukem Forever map
dnf-file-description A dnf file extension is related to the Duke Nukem Forever, a 3D action video game. A dnf file contains in-game data.

dnh-file-extension
dnh-file-description Touhou Danmakufu game script file
dnh-file-description Files with dnh extension are used by the Touhou Danmakufu gaming engine as a game files.

dni-file-extension
dni-file-description realMyst game archive
dni-file-description A dni file extension is associated with the realMyst and used for its game archives.

dnk-file-extension
dnk-file-description KillAd data
dnk-file-description A dnk file extension is related to the KillAd tool for Windows.

dnl-file-extension
dnl-file-description Concordance database
dnl-file-description Files with dnl file extension can be also found as databases from Concordance database management software.

dnm-file-extension
dnm-file-description YS Flight dynamic 3D model
dnm-file-description A dnm file extension is related to the YS Flight dynamic 3D model format.

dnn-file-extension
dnn-file-description DotNetNuke manifest
dnn-file-description A dnn file extension is related to the DotNetNuke and used for its manifest.

dno-file-extension
dno-file-description DriveExecutive configuration
dno-file-description A dno file extension is related to the DriveExecutive tool. A dno file stores configuration data for DriveExecutive.

dnp-file-extension
dnp-file-description DRM digital rights management
dnp-file-description A dnp file extension is related tot he DRM digital rights management data files.

dnr-file-extension
dnr-file-description Beneath the Steel Sky game data
dnr-file-description A dnr file extension is related to the Beneath the Steel Sky game data format.

dns-file-extension
dns-file-description DynSite plug-in
dns-file-description A dns file related to the DynSite and used for its plug-in files.

dnt-file-extension
dnt-file-description RSNetWorx project
dnt-file-description Files with dnt extension can be most often found as projects from the RSNetWorx program.

dntu-file-extension
dntu-file-description DameWare NT Utilities data
dntu-file-description A dntu file extension is related to the DameWare NT Utilities a set of tools.

dnw-file-extension
dnw-file-description EMPOP DrawNetWork related data
dnw-file-description Files with dnw file extension are related to EMPOP DrawNetWork software.

dnx-file-extension
dnx-file-description IBM Rational software
dnx-file-description A dnx file extension is associated with the IBM Rational software a developer platform used to develop software.

do-file-extension
do-file-description Java Servlet file
do-file-description A do file extension is used for small servlet programs written in Java for use on Web servers.

do0-file-extension
do0-file-description Sysinfo data
do0-file-description A do0 file extension is related to the Sysinfo and used for its data files. Probably obsolete file format.

do1-file-extension
do1-file-description OPL2 FM audio
do1-file-description A do1 file extension is related to the OPL2 audio format. Probably obsolete and not supported format.

do2-file-extension
do2-file-description Resident Evil 2 door data
do2-file-description Files with do2 file extension might be found as part of Resident Evil 2 computer game and used for one of its game files.

do7-file-extension
do7-file-description MS-DOS 7 data
do7-file-description A do7 file extension is related to the MS-DOS version 7. A do7 file stores data.

dob-file-extension
dob-file-description Microsoft Visual Basic user document form
dob-file-description A dob file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Basic. A dob file contains user document form.

doc%23-file-extension
doc%23-file-description LibreOffice locked document
doc%23-file-description A doc# file extension is related to the LibreOffice suite. A doc# file contains LibreOffice locked documents.

docb-file-extension
docb-file-description XXE docbook data
docb-file-description A docb file extension is related to the XXE software and used for its docbook files.

docbook-file-extension
docbook-file-description oXygen XML Editor data
docbook-file-description A docbook file extension is related to the oXygen XML Editor. A docbook file stores data.

docc-file-extension
docc-file-description DragThing color settings data
docc-file-description A docc file suffix is related to the DragThing color settings data format.

doce-file-extension
doce-file-description Document Manager encrypted Microsoft Word document
doce-file-description A doce file extension is associated with the Document Manager, an app that allows users to encrypt Microsoft Office documents.

docenx-file-extension
docenx-file-description Egis encrypted Word document
docenx-file-description A docenx file extension is related to Egis a data protection suite for Microsoft Windows. A docenx file stores encrypted *.doc document.

dochtml-file-extension
dochtml-file-description Microsoft Word HTML document
dochtml-file-description A dochtml file extension is commonly used by Microsoft Word, a document editing program for PC and Mac. A dochtml file contains HTML document.

dock-file-extension
dock-file-description Dock Database chemical modeler input
dock-file-description A dock file extension is related to the Dock Database chemical modeler input files.

dockerfile-file-extension
dockerfile-file-description Docker settings file
dockerfile-file-description A dockerfile file extension is related to the Docker settings files.

dockerignore-file-extension
dockerignore-file-description Docker ignore data
dockerignore-file-description A dockerignore file extension is related to the Docker and used for its configuration files.

docklet-file-extension
docklet-file-description ObjectDock docklet
docklet-file-description Files with docklet file extension can be found as part of ObjectDock animated dock software for Windows.

dockpack-file-extension
dockpack-file-description Stardock ObjectDock theme
dockpack-file-description A dockpack file extension is related to the Stardock ObjectDock theme files.

docktheme-file-extension
docktheme-file-description Stardock ObjectDock theme
docktheme-file-description Files with docktheme file extension are related to the ObjectDock tool from Stardock.

docktileplugin-file-extension
docktileplugin-file-description Apple Mac OS X app plugin file
docktileplugin-file-description The *.docktileplugin file extension is related to apps written for Mac OS X operating system.

dockzip-file-extension
dockzip-file-description Stardock ObjectDock data
dockzip-file-description A dockzip file extension is related to the Stardock ObjectDock tool.

docl-file-extension
docl-file-description Document Manager locked Word document
docl-file-description A docl file extension is related to the Document Manager locked Word document file format.

docmenx-file-extension
docmenx-file-description Unknown file extension
docmenx-file-description Files with docmenx file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

docmeta-file-extension
docmeta-file-description Bukkit information file
docmeta-file-description The DOCMETA file extension is related to the Bukkit and used for its repository information.

docmhtml-file-extension
docmhtml-file-description Microsoft Word MIME HTML document file
docmhtml-file-description Files with docmhtml extension are used by the MS Word. They include some archived MIME document in HTML source code.

docs-file-extension
docs-file-description Document
docs-file-description Files with docs file extension can be generally found as documents. Might be files from old programs, or mistype for some newer format like DOC or DOCX.

docset-file-extension
docset-file-description Doxygen source code documentation file
docset-file-description Files with docset extension are used by the Doxygen program. They contain documentation generated from the source code files.

docstates-file-extension
docstates-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Document Tab Well data
docstates-file-description A docstates file extension is related to the Document Tab Well an extension for Microsoft Visual Studio.

docstore-file-extension
docstore-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom cache
docstore-file-description Files with docstore file extension are commonly used by Adobe Photoshop Lightroom application.

doct-file-extension
doct-file-description OnlyOffice online office converted docx file
doct-file-description Files with doct sufix are old files from OnlyOffice Online Office converters. Represents a .docx file converted for the purposes of the software.

documentrevisions-v100-file-extension
documentrevisions-v100-file-description macOS (OS X) data
documentrevisions-v100-file-description A documentrevisions-v100 file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system. A documentrevisions-v100 directory stores some data used for document revisions.

docxe-file-extension
docxe-file-description Unknown file extension
docxe-file-description Files with docxe file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

docxenx-file-extension
docxenx-file-description Egis encrypted Word DOCX file
docxenx-file-description Files with docxenx extension are used by Egis software as an encrypted docx file.

docxl-file-extension
docxl-file-description Document Manager locked Word Open XML document
docxl-file-description A docxl file extension is related to the Document Manager software for Microsoft Windows. A docxl file stores encrypted Word document.

docxml-file-extension
docxml-file-description Palantir DOCXML document format
docxml-file-description A docxml file extension is related to the Palantir DOCXML document format.

doc_aq-file-extension
doc_aq-file-description Windows Essentials Codec Pack data
doc_aq-file-description Files with doc_aq file extension are related to the Windows Essentials Codec Pack.

doe-file-extension
doe-file-description Rockwell Arena model
doe-file-description A doe file extension is related to the Rockwell Arena used to simulate manufacturing processes. A doe file stores model.

dof-file-extension
dof-file-description DOSBox capture movie file
dof-file-description Files with dof extension are used by DOSBox emulator. They contain recorded movies data.

dog-file-extension
dog-file-description Dogz dog description data
dog-file-description A dog file extension is related to the computer game called Dogz.

dog_watch-file-extension
dog_watch-file-description Cubot custom ROM folder
dog_watch-file-description A .dog_watch is a folder included in mail device folder. Found in custom ROM for Cubot X17 smart phone.

doh-file-extension
doh-file-description Geoworks GEOS dependency information
doh-file-description A doh file extension is related to the Geoworks GEOS operating system and used for its dependency information files.

doi-file-extension
doi-file-description BiRT data object instance
doi-file-description Files with doi extension are mainly related to the BiRT and used for its data object instance files.

doink-gs-file-extension
doink-gs-file-description Green Screen project
doink-gs-file-description Files with doink-gs extension are related to the Green Screen software for iPad and used for tis animations.

dok-file-extension
dok-file-description ASCII text
dok-file-description A dok file extension is related to the ASCII format and used for ASCII text documents.

dol-file-extension
dol-file-description Nintendo GameCube executable data
dol-file-description A dol file extension is related to the Nintendo GameCube gaming console. A dol file executable data of GameCube app or game.

dolphinview-file-extension
dolphinview-file-description Dolphin for KDE folder view settings
dolphinview-file-description A dolphinview file extension is related to the Dolphin, a file management tool. A dolphinview file stores folder view settings.

dom-file-extension
dom-file-description DomPlayer malicious data
dom-file-description A dom file extension is related to the DomPlayer, a potential malicious app for Microsoft Windows. A dom file contains some kind of malicious data.

don-file-extension
don-file-description Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org) log
don-file-description A don file extension is related to the Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org) an office suite for various platforms.

done-file-extension
done-file-description Cygwin post-install file format
done-file-description A done file extension is related to post-install file format used by Cygwin. Seems like internal data file.

donotpresent-file-extension
donotpresent-file-description Apple Time Machine resource fork
donotpresent-file-description Files with donotpresent file extension can be found on Mac OS X (macOS) platforms and are related to the Time Machine backup app.

doo-file-extension
doo-file-description Atari Doodle picture image
doo-file-description A doo file extension is related to the Atari Doodle picture image format.

dop-file-extension
dop-file-description Digital Orchestrator Pro data
dop-file-description Files with dop file suffix are related to the Digital Orchestrator Pro data format.

doq-file-extension
doq-file-description Digital Orthophoto Quadrangle data
doq-file-description Files with doq file extension are maps in Digital Orthophoto Quadrangle format.

dor-file-extension
dor-file-description Resident Evil 1 game data
dor-file-description Files with dor file extension can be mostly found as game resource files from Resident Evil 1 video game.

dorascarnivalsavedgame-file-extension
dorascarnivalsavedgame-file-description Dora's Carnival Adventure saved game
dorascarnivalsavedgame-file-description A dorascarnivalsavedgame file extension is related to the Dora's Carnival Adventure saved game files.

dorasworldadventuresavedgame-file-extension
dorasworldadventuresavedgame-file-description Dora's World Adventure saved game
dorasworldadventuresavedgame-file-description A dorasworldadventuresavedgame file extension is related to the Dora's World Adventure saved game files.

dos-file-extension
dos-file-description Microsoft Windows 95 / MS-DOS system files backup
dos-file-description A dos file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 95 and MS-DOS operating systems. A dos file stores backup of config.sys and autoexec.bat files.

dost-file-extension
dost-file-description DoStudio subtitle format
dost-file-description Files with .dost file extension can be found as subtitles data files made using the DoStudio Blu-ray Disc authoring program.

dotfuproj-file-extension
dotfuproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio project
dotfuproj-file-description A dotfuproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development tool. A dotfuproj file stores project.

dothtml-file-extension
dothtml-file-description Microsoft Word HTML document template
dothtml-file-description A dothtml file extension is related to the Microsoft Word HTML document template file format.

dotmenx-file-extension
dotmenx-file-description Egis encrypted Word DOTM document
dotmenx-file-description A dotmenx file extension is related to the Egis and used for its encrypted Word document macro-enabled template files.

dotsettings-file-extension
dotsettings-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio C# settings
dotsettings-file-description A dotsettings file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio C# settings files.

dotxenx-file-extension
dotxenx-file-description Egis encrypted Word DOTX file
dotxenx-file-description The .dotxenx file extension is related to the Egis encryption tool and used for its Word DTX files.

doubi2-file-extension
doubi2-file-description Unknown file extension
doubi2-file-description Files with doubi2 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

dov-file-extension
dov-file-description Temporary file
dov-file-description Files with dov extension are used by some applications as a temporary data file format.

downloaded-file-extension
downloaded-file-description ICQ 6 hash
downloaded-file-description A downloaded file extension is related to the ICQ 6 instant messaging client. A .downloaded file stores hash keys.

downloadhost-file-extension
downloadhost-file-description MSN Explorer download view
downloadhost-file-description Files with downloadhost extension are used by MSN Explorer web browser. They include downloaded settings data.

downloading-file-extension
downloading-file-description Pando incomplete download
downloading-file-description Files with downloading extension are typically related to the Pando web browser and act as placeholders for incomplete downloads.

dox-file-extension
dox-file-description MultiMate document
dox-file-description A dox file extension is related to the MultiMate, a word processing tool. A dox file stores document.

doxy-file-extension
doxy-file-description Doxygen data
doxy-file-description A doxy file extension is related to the Doxygen, a documentation preparation application. A doxy file stores some kind of data used by Doxygen.

doz-file-extension
doz-file-description Zardoz archive
doz-file-description Files with doz file extension might be found as compiled Zardoz archives for a video game that can be played in DOSBox.

do_-file-extension
do_-file-description Unknown file extension
do_-file-description Files with do_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

dp-file-extension
dp-file-description Common Ground portable file format
dp-file-description Files with dp extension are mainly related to the Common Ground portable file format.

dp1-file-extension
dp1-file-description DataPower database
dp1-file-description A dp1 file extension is related to the DataPower and used for its database files.

dp2-file-extension
dp2-file-description DatePad 2 data
dp2-file-description A dp2 file extension is associated with the DatePad 2 data format.

dp3-file-extension
dp3-file-description Digital Performer project
dp3-file-description A dp3 file extension is related to the Digital Performer, an audio workstation software. A dp3 file stores project.

dpa-file-extension
dpa-file-description Serif DrawPlus animation data
dpa-file-description Files with dpa file extension are mainly related to Serif Draw Plus graphic program and used as its default animation files

dpb-file-extension
dpb-file-description DataPilot database
dpb-file-description Files with dpb file extension are related to the DataPilot software and used for its databases.

dpc-file-extension
dpc-file-description Microsoft Office resource data
dpc-file-description A dpc file extension is related to Microsoft Office, a set of office applications and it is used for its resource files.

dpcache-file-extension
dpcache-file-description Apple iPhoto cache
dpcache-file-description A dpcache file extension is related to the Apple iPhoto, a digital photo management app for Mac. A .dpcache file stores iPhoto data cache.

dpd-file-extension
dpd-file-description ABC programming language dyadic predicates
dpd-file-description Files with dbd file extension are related to the ABC programming language dyadic predicates.

dpdoc-file-extension
dpdoc-file-description Digital Performer project
dpdoc-file-description A dpdoc file extension is related to the Digital Performer and used for its project files.

dpe-file-extension
dpe-file-description DPwinEHE project
dpe-file-description A dpe file extension is related to the DPwinEHE and used for its project files.

dpf-file-extension
dpf-file-description F-Secure default policy settings
dpf-file-description Files with dbf suffix can be usually found as default policy data settings for F-Secure antivirus for Windows

dpg-file-extension
dpg-file-description nDs-mPeG video data
dpg-file-description A dpg file extension is related to the nDs-mPeG video file format for MoonShell.

dph-file-extension
dph-file-description BAT detector plane histogram data
dph-file-description A dph file extension is related to the BAT detector plane histogram data file format.

dpi-file-extension
dpi-file-description Adlib Express Document Processing Information settings
dpi-file-description A dpi file extension is related to the Adlib Express software for document processing. A dpi file contains settings.

dpj-file-extension
dpj-file-description DeskProto project
dpj-file-description Files with dpj suffix are typically encountered as projects made and saved using DeskProto 3D CAM software.

dpk-file-extension
dpk-file-description Delphi package source
dpk-file-description Files with dpk file extension can be mainly found as source packages made in Delphi development environment and programming language.

dpkw-file-extension
dpkw-file-description Delphi package
dpkw-file-description A dpkw file extension is related to the Delphi programming environment. A dpkw file stores programming package.

dpl-file-extension
dpl-file-description Delphi packed library
dpl-file-description Files with dpl suffix can be typically encountered as libraries for Delphi based apps. Some kind of packaged format used in older version of Delphi.

dplsave-file-extension
dplsave-file-description Driver: Parallel Lines saved game
dplsave-file-description A dplsave file extension is related to the Driver: Parallel Lines video game. The dpl file stores saved game progress.

dplt-file-extension
dplt-file-description AppleScript droplet data
dplt-file-description A dplt file extension is related to the AppleScript programming language. A dplt file stores droplet.

dpm-file-extension
dpm-file-description DarkPlaces engine game movie information
dpm-file-description Files with dpm file extension are modification files for Quake based on DarkPlaces engine.

dpn-file-extension
dpn-file-description Depiction data
dpn-file-description A dpn file extension is related to the Depiction a software. A dpn file contains all static information for a particular depiction, such as maps, images used by Depiction.

dpo-file-extension
dpo-file-description DECAdry Express Business Cards business card
dpo-file-description A dpo file extension is related to the DECAdry Express Business Cards software. A dpo file contains business cards.

dpp-file-extension
dpp-file-description Serif DrawPlus drawing
dpp-file-description Files with dpp extension can be mainly found as drawings from Serif DrawPlus.

dpq-file-extension
dpq-file-description Clarion file
dpq-file-description Detailed description

dpr-file-extension
dpr-file-description Delphi project
dpr-file-description The dpr file extension is related to the Delphi programming environment and used for its project files.

dprec-file-extension
dprec-file-description Drawpile record
dprec-file-description A dprec file extension is related to the Drawpile and used for its record files.

dprecz-file-extension
dprecz-file-description Drawpile compressed record
dprecz-file-description A dprecz file extension is related to the Drawpile software and used for its compressed record files.

dprecz.gz-file-extension
dprecz.gz-file-description Drawpile compressed record file
dprecz.gz-file-description The dprecz.gz file extension is related to the Drawpile and used for its compressed record files.

dprj-file-extension
dprj-file-description VideoReDo TVSuite DVD project
dprj-file-description A dprj file extension is related to the VideoReDo TVSuite and used for its DVD projects.

dpro-file-extension
dpro-file-description MacDraw Pro data
dpro-file-description A dpro file extension is related to the MacDraw Pro, a vector editing program for Mac. A dpro file stores data.

dproj-file-extension
dproj-file-description Delphi project
dproj-file-description Files with dproj extension can be typically found as projects saved in the Delphi programming environment.

dps-file-extension
dps-file-description DivX player skin
dps-file-description Files with dps file extension can be most often found as customized skins for the DivX media player. Used to change the look of the program.

dpsml-file-extension
dpsml-file-description Portal Structure Markup Language dynamic page
dpsml-file-description A dpsml file extension is related to the Portal Structure Markup Language used by Jetspeed. A dpsml file stores dynamic page.

dpso-file-extension
dpso-file-description WPS Presentation outward document
dpso-file-description A dpso file extension is associated with the WPS Presentation and used for its outward document.

dpsx-file-extension
dpsx-file-description Barfield DPS-1000 user interface data
dpsx-file-description A dpsx file extension is associated with the DPS-1000 device developed by Barfield. A dpsx file stores user interface data.

dpt-file-extension
dpt-file-description Better File Rename droplet
dpt-file-description Files with dpt file extension can be mostly found as so called droplet files from Better File Rename app for macOS.

dptxt-file-extension
dptxt-file-description Drawpile record data
dptxt-file-description A dptxt file extension is related to the Drawpile and used for its record files.

dpv-file-extension
dpv-file-description PrintView RAW text
dpv-file-description A dpv file extension is related to the PrintView app for Microsoft Windows. A dpv file stores text data.

dpx-file-extension
dpx-file-description Digital Moving Picture Exchange graphics
dpx-file-description Files with dpx suffix can be most often encountered as graphics files in Digital Moving Picture Exchange bitmap format.

dqa-file-extension
dqa-file-description Daqarta extended WAV data
dqa-file-description Files with dqa file extension can be found as extended WAV data files from Daqarta.

dqc-file-extension
dqc-file-description CP/M disk information data
dqc-file-description A dqc file extension is related to the CP/M, an operating system for various computer platforms. A dqc file contains disk information data.

dql-file-extension
dql-file-description DataEase database
dql-file-description A dql file extension is related to the DataEase, a relational database system. A dql file contains database.

dqy-file-extension
dqy-file-description Microsoft Excel ODBC query
dqy-file-description A dqy file extension is related to Microsoft Excel a spreadsheet editing tool for Windows, Mac and mobile platforms. A dqy file stores ODBC query data.

dr-file-extension
dr-file-description Open Digital Rights Language
dr-file-description Files with dr file extension are related to the Open Digital Rights Language.

dr2-file-extension
dr2-file-description Aurora data resource library
dr2-file-description A dr2 file extension is related to the Aurora Configuration and used for its data resource library files.

dr3-file-extension
dr3-file-description V-Control import driver
dr3-file-description A dr3 file extension is related to the V-Control and used for its import driver.

dr3d-file-extension
dr3d-file-description CorelDream 3D graphics file
dr3d-file-description Files with dr3d extension are used by Corel Dream 3D program. They include some graphics data.

dr4-file-extension
dr4-file-description AllyCAD drawing
dr4-file-description Files with dr4 file extension can be usually encountered as CAD files from AllyCAD software.

dr8-file-extension
dr8-file-description DR-008 drumkit
dr8-file-description A dr8 file extension is related to the DR-008 a music composing program. A dr8 file contains drumkit.

dra-file-extension
dra-file-description OrCAD PCB drawing
dra-file-description A dra file extension is associated with the OrCAD PCB drawing file format.

drag-file-extension
drag-file-description EdGMC data
drag-file-description A drag file extension is related to teh EdGMC program. A drag file contains data.

draw-file-extension
draw-file-description Acorn vector draw format
draw-file-description Files with draw extension can be found as drawings from Acorn/Risc operating systems. Some Windows programs can open it.

drawing-file-extension
drawing-file-description Artboard drawing
drawing-file-description Files with drawing suffix can be found as graphic files from Artboard graphics editor from macOS.

drawio-file-extension
drawio-file-description diagrams.net diagram
drawio-file-description Files with drawio extension can be typically found as diagrams from the diagrams.net software.

drb-file-extension
drb-file-description Dr. Beam data
drb-file-description A drb file extension is related to files used by Dr. Beam software.

drc-file-extension
drc-file-description OrCAD schematic capture design rules check report
drc-file-description A drc file extension is related to the OrCAD software. A drc file contains schematic capture design rules check report.

drd-file-extension
drd-file-description Allen & Heath PL Designer document
drd-file-description Files with drd suffix are special interface design documents from from PL Designer by by Allen & Heath.

dre-file-extension
dre-file-description DReport exported report
dre-file-description Files with dre file extension can be found as exported report from DReport reporting tool.

dream-file-extension
dream-file-description DreamMaker animated wallpaper
dream-file-description Files with dream file extension can be found as high quality animated wallpapers made using the DreamMaker software.

dreamchronicles2savedgame-file-extension
dreamchronicles2savedgame-file-description Dream Chronicles saved game
dreamchronicles2savedgame-file-description The dreamchronicles2savedgame file extension is related to the Dream Chronicles saved game files.

dreamchroniclessavedgame-file-extension
dreamchroniclessavedgame-file-description Dream Chronicles saved game file
dreamchroniclessavedgame-file-description Files with DREAMCHRONICLESAVEDGAME extension are save game files from  Dream Chronicles: The Endless Slumber computer game.

drf-file-extension
drf-file-description 3D Studio Max scene
drf-file-description Files with the drf file extension may be found as graphic scenes saved using the 3D Studio Max (also known as 3ds Max) 3D rendering and modeling software.

drg-file-extension
drg-file-description AllyCAD CAD design drawing
drg-file-description Files with drg extension can be quite often encountered as CAD files created and saved using the AllyCAD software.

drh-file-extension
drh-file-description Paralllels Desktop pvs package configuration
drh-file-description The drh file extension is related to the Paralllels Desktop and used for its pvs package files.

dri-file-extension
dri-file-description Microsoft SQL Server replication
dri-file-description A dri file extension is used for Microsoft SQL Server replication files.

drill-file-extension
drill-file-description DROPS simulator operation data
drill-file-description A drill file extension is related to the DROPS simulator operation data format.

drj-file-extension
drj-file-description Derej data
drj-file-description Files with drj file extension might be found as part of old Deraj program. Most likely old and no longer used.

drk-file-extension
drk-file-description Race Studio download file
drk-file-description Files with drk suffix seems to be in most cases download data files from the Race Studio data analysis software.

drl-file-extension
drl-file-description Music source
drl-file-description A drl file extension is related to the music source format used by various old computer games.

drm-file-extension
drm-file-description Cubase Drum map setup file
drm-file-description Files with drm suffix can mainly be found as drum map setup files from Cubase music production software.

drmmeta-file-extension
drmmeta-file-description Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming DRM additional header
drmmeta-file-description A drmmeta file extension is related to the Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming DRM additional header file format.

drmx-file-extension
drmx-file-description Drumlin fully secured PDF document
drmx-file-description A drmx file extension is related to the Drumlin fully secured PDF document file format.

drmz-file-extension
drmz-file-description Drumlin secured PDF document
drmz-file-description File extension drmz is associated with the PDF security and digital rights management (DRM) solutions developed by Drumlin.

drn-file-extension
drn-file-description Darn for DOS data
drn-file-description A drn file extension is related to the Darn for DOS program. A drn file contains data.

dro-file-extension
dro-file-description DOSBox Raw OPL format
dro-file-description A dro file extension is related to the DOSBox Raw OPL format recorded by DOSBox emulator of IBM-PC computers.

droid-file-extension
droid-file-description Digital Record Object Identification profile
droid-file-description A droid file extension is related to the Digital Record Object Identification profile file format.

dropbox-file-extension
dropbox-file-description Dropbox shared folder
dropbox-file-description Files with dropbox extension are related to cloud service called Dropbox and used for its data transfer files. These .dropbox file stores various data used for file synchronization and transfer over internet.

drp-file-extension
drp-file-description Droplets data file
drp-file-description A drp file extension is related to the Droplets User Interface Server. A drp file stores some kind of data stored in simple text format.

drpf-file-extension
drpf-file-description DinkeyRemote	parameter file
drpf-file-description Detailed description

drr-file-extension
drr-file-description Altium Designer drill report
drr-file-description Files with drr suffix are in most cases drill reports produced in the Altium Designer PCB and FPGA design software.

du_-file-extension
du_-file-description CAB archive
du_-file-description A du_ file extension is related to the Windows Cabinet archive format.

dv-file-extension
dv-file-description Digital video file
dv-file-description Files with dv suffix are in vast majority of cases video files saved in special Digital Video format which was originally developed for MiniDV.

dv-avi-file-extension
dv-avi-file-description Microsoft DV-AVI video data
dv-avi-file-description A dv-avi file extension is related to the Microsoft DV-AVI video file format used by Windows Movie Maker.

dv2-file-extension
dv2-file-description Divine Divinity 2 game data
dv2-file-description A dv2 file extension is related to the Divine Divinity 2 an RPG video game. A dv2 file stores game data.

dv4-file-extension
dv4-file-description Bosch Security Systems CCTV video
dv4-file-description Files with dv4 extension are usually video recordings saved by CCTV solutions from Bosch Security Systems.

dv5-file-extension
dv5-file-description DV5 DVR digital video
dv5-file-description Files with dv5 file extension can be usually found as video recordings saved in Chinese DV5 DVR video recording format for DVRs and CCTVs.

dva-file-extension
dva-file-description dps Velocity split audio
dva-file-description Files with dva suffix can be encountered as old audio files produced using the now discontinued Digital Processing Systems Velocity software from Leitch Technology.

dvam-file-extension
dvam-file-description DVDAuthor data
dvam-file-description A dvam file extension is related to the DVDAuthor software for Linux operating system.

dvb-file-extension
dvb-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD VBA source code
dvb-file-description Files with dvb extension might be found as special VBA source codes for Autodesk AutoCAD. Probably used for automation scripts or other similar purposes.

dvc-file-extension
dvc-file-description Dragon NaturallySpeaking voice command
dvc-file-description Files with dvc file extension can mainly be found as saved voice commands for Dragon speech recognition software.

dvd-file-extension
dvd-file-description elby CloneDVD DVD information data
dvd-file-description Files with dvd file extension can be found as DVD disk information data made with CloneDVD burning app developed by Elby.

dvddata-file-extension
dvddata-file-description TMPGEnc DVD Author video data
dvddata-file-description Files with dvddata file extension can be found as video files created using the TMPGEnc DVD Author program from DVD disc.

dvdfab5-file-extension
dvdfab5-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfab5-file-description Files with dvdfab5 file extension is related to the DVDFab backup software.

dvdfab6-file-extension
dvdfab6-file-description DVDFab key data
dvdfab6-file-description A dvdfab6 file extension is related to the DVDFab a DVD, Blu-ray disks cloning app and used for its global key files.

dvdfabbluray2bluray-file-extension
dvdfabbluray2bluray-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfabbluray2bluray-file-description A dvdfabbluray2bluray file extension is associated with the DVDFab backup tool.

dvdfabbluray2dvd-file-extension
dvdfabbluray2dvd-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfabbluray2dvd-file-description A dvdfabbluray2dvd file extension is related to the DVDFab files.

dvdfabbluray2mobile-file-extension
dvdfabbluray2mobile-file-description DVDFab file
dvdfabbluray2mobile-file-description The dvdfabbluray2mobile file extension is related to the DVDFab backup software.

dvdfabbluraydecrypt-file-extension
dvdfabbluraydecrypt-file-description DVDFab file
dvdfabbluraydecrypt-file-description Files with dvdfabbluraydecrypt file extension is related to the DVDFab software for Windows and Mac.

dvdfabdecrypter-file-extension
dvdfabdecrypter-file-description DVDFab Decrypter file
dvdfabdecrypter-file-description The dvdfabdecrypter file extension is related to the DVDFab Decrypter software for Mac and Windows.

dvdfabdvd2dvd-file-extension
dvdfabdvd2dvd-file-description DVDFab file
dvdfabdvd2dvd-file-description A dvdfabdvd2dvd file extension is associated with the DVDFab backup software.

dvdfabdvd2mobile-file-extension
dvdfabdvd2mobile-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfabdvd2mobile-file-description A dvdfabdvd2mobile file extension is related to the DVDFab software for Windows and Mac.

dvdfabdvddecryt-file-extension
dvdfabdvddecryt-file-description DVDFab file
dvdfabdvddecryt-file-description The dvdfabdvddecryt file extension is related to the DVDFab software for Windows and Mac.

dvdfabfile2bluray-file-extension
dvdfabfile2bluray-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfabfile2bluray-file-description A dvdfabfile2bluray file extension is related to the DVDFab software for backup DVD optical media.

dvdfabfile2dvd-file-extension
dvdfabfile2dvd-file-description DVDFab file
dvdfabfile2dvd-file-description The dvdfabfile2dvd file extension is related to the DVDFab a software tool for Microsoft Windows.

dvdfabfile2mobile-file-extension
dvdfabfile2mobile-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfabfile2mobile-file-description A dvdfabfile2mobile file extension is related to the DVDFab backup software for Windows and Mac.

dvdfabfilemover-file-extension
dvdfabfilemover-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfabfilemover-file-description A dvdfabfilemover file extension is related to the DVDFab software for Windows and Mac.

dvdfabgold5-file-extension
dvdfabgold5-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfabgold5-file-description A dvdfabgold5 file extension is related to the DVDFab a DVD backup solution.

dvdfabhddecrypter-file-extension
dvdfabhddecrypter-file-description DVDFab HD Decrypter file
dvdfabhddecrypter-file-description Detailed description

dvdfabmobile-file-extension
dvdfabmobile-file-description DVDFab data
dvdfabmobile-file-description A dvdfabmobile file extension is related to the DVDFab software for Microsoft Windows and Apple Mac.

dvdfabmobile2dto3d-file-extension
dvdfabmobile2dto3d-file-description DVDFab file
dvdfabmobile2dto3d-file-description A dvdfabmobile2dto3d file extension is related to the DVDFab software tool and used for its data files.

dvdfabplatinum5-file-extension
dvdfabplatinum5-file-description DVDFab Platinum data
dvdfabplatinum5-file-description A dvdfabplatinum5 file extension is related to the DVDFab Platinum. A dvdfabplatinum5 file contains data.

dvdmedia-file-extension
dvdmedia-file-description RipIt DVD backup
dvdmedia-file-description Files with dvdmedia file extension are mainly related to a special DVD archive created by RipIt program. These file contain full contents of a physical optical disc.

dvdproj-file-extension
dvdproj-file-description Apple iDVD project
dvdproj-file-description A dvdproj file extension is related to the iDVD from Apple. A .dvdproj file stores DVD project files.

dvdr-file-extension
dvdr-file-description DVD master image
dvdr-file-description Files with dvdr file extension are used for Roxio burning programs. They include a DVD disk images.

dvdrip-file-extension
dvdrip-file-description DVD disk image
dvdrip-file-description Files with dvdrip file suffix are related to the DVD disk image format used by some video programs.

dvdrip-info-file-extension
dvdrip-info-file-description dvd::rip technical information data
dvdrip-info-file-description A dvdrip-info file extension is associated with the dvd::rip technical information data format.

dvdt-file-extension
dvdt-file-description MacLink data
dvdt-file-description A dvdt file extension is related to the MacLink software and used for its data files.

dve-file-extension
dve-file-description Video Toaster digital video effect file
dve-file-description Files with dve extension are used by Video Toaster. They include some video effect settings.

dvg-file-extension
dvg-file-description GraphicsWorks vector drawing
dvg-file-description The dvg file extension is related to the GraphicsWorks software and used for its vector drawing files.

dvi-file-extension
dvi-file-description TeX text document (TeX Device Independent File Format)
dvi-file-description Files with dvi suffix can be usually n is related to TeX Device Independent File Format. A dvi file contains TeX main output.

dvl-file-extension
dvl-file-description Dalim Virtual Library data
dvl-file-description Files with dvl file extension are commonly used by Dalim Virtual Library data format.

dvm-file-extension
dvm-file-description DVM Movie File Format
dvm-file-description A dvm file extension is related to the DVM Movie File Format developed by Magic Software.

dvn-file-extension
dvn-file-description Kissock EModel instruction data
dvn-file-description A dvn file extension is related to the Kissock EModel instruction file format.

dvo-file-extension
dvo-file-description Cook'n Recipe Organizer cookbook data
dvo-file-description A dvo file extension is related to the Cook'n Recipe Organizer cookbook data format.

dvp-file-extension
dvp-file-description AutoCAD device parameter file format
dvp-file-description A dvp file extension is related to the AutoCAD device parameter file format.

dvplaylist-file-extension
dvplaylist-file-description GamePlan data
dvplaylist-file-description Files with dvplaylist file suffix are related to the GamePlan software.

dvr-m-file-extension
dvr-m-file-description FantasyDVD Platinum data
dvr-m-file-description A dvr-m file extension is associated with the FantasyDVD Platinum software.

dvr-ms-file-extension
dvr-ms-file-description Microsoft Digital Video Recording
dvr-ms-file-description Files with dvr-ms suffix can be found as TV video recordings in Microsoft Digital Video format saved using the Windows Media Center.

dvs-file-extension
dvs-file-description Enterprise Vault DVS data
dvs-file-description Files with dvs extension can be found some kind of data files for Enterprise Vault documents archiving app developed by Symantec.

dvsd-file-extension
dvsd-file-description DVMaster Pro video file
dvsd-file-description Files with dvsd extension are used by DVMaster Pro video editing software.

dvt-file-extension
dvt-file-description DepoView digital video transcript
dvt-file-description Files with dvt extension can be usually found as video transcript files from DepoView.

dvtplugin-file-extension
dvtplugin-file-description Apple Xcode DVT plug-in
dvtplugin-file-description A dvtplugin file extension is related to the Apple Xcode and used for its plug-in files.

dvv-file-extension
dvv-file-description NiceLabel Pro default values data
dvv-file-description A dvv file extension is related to the NiceLabel Pro and used for its default values files.

dvw-file-extension
dvw-file-description Dektron Digital Voice Recorder audio data
dvw-file-description A dvw file extension is related to the Dektron Digital Voice Recorder. A dvw file contains audio data.

dvx-file-extension
dvx-file-description DivX movie
dvx-file-description Files with dvx extension are used for DivX movie files.

dvz-file-extension
dvz-file-description Documents To Go data file
dvz-file-description Files with dvz extension are used by Documents To Go application. They store some data used for internal purposes of the program.

dw-file-extension
dw-file-description David Whittaker audio format
dw-file-description A dw file extension is related to the David Whittaker audio format developed by David Whittaker from Electronic Arts.

dw1-file-extension
dw1-file-description DeathWatch WebCrawler file format
dw1-file-description Files with dw1 extension are used by DeathWatch WebCrawler application. They store some log files.

dw2-file-extension
dw2-file-description DesignCAD drawing
dw2-file-description Files with dw2 file extension can be found as old CAD drawings made in DesignCAD program.

dw3-file-extension
dw3-file-description DeathWatch WebCrawler file format
dw3-file-description Files with dw3 extension are used by DeathWatch Webcrawler utility.

dwa-file-extension
dwa-file-description Project Dogwaffle animation
dwa-file-description A dwa file extension is related to the Project Dogwaffle animation format.

dwarf-file-extension
dwarf-file-description Deebug with arbitrary record format file
dwarf-file-description The dwarf extension files are used as debug file format files.

dwav-file-extension
dwav-file-description DJScript sound
dwav-file-description Files with dwav extension can be found as some kind of internal script for audio for DJScript programming language.

dwb-file-extension
dwb-file-description Designer's Workbench file format
dwb-file-description A dwb file extension is related to the Designer's Workbench software.

dwc-file-extension
dwc-file-description Emulex DWC firmware update file format
dwc-file-description Files with dwc file extension are associated with the update file format for Emulex networking devices.

dwd-file-extension
dwd-file-description Davka Writer document
dwd-file-description Files with dwd file extension can be typically found as documents written in Davka Writer Hebrew/English word processing tool.

dwdoc-file-extension
dwdoc-file-description DrawWell document file
dwdoc-file-description Detailed description

dwe-file-extension
dwe-file-description Creator Simulator pattern
dwe-file-description A dwe file extension is associated with Creator and used for its pattern files.

dwf-file-extension
dwf-file-description Autodesk Design Web Format
dwf-file-description Files with dwf file extension can be found as CAD files in special Autodesk Design Web Format. Used by both AutoCAD and Inventor.

dwfb-file-extension
dwfb-file-description Dragon UnPACKer 5 archive
dwfb-file-description A dwfb file extension is related to the Dragon UnPACKer 5 archive format.

dwh-file-extension
dwh-file-description WaterGems drawing
dwh-file-description A dwh file extension is related to the WaterGems, a designing software. A dwh file stores drawing.

dwi-file-extension
dwi-file-description Dependency Walker image
dwi-file-description A dwi file extension is related to the Dependency Walker and used for its image files.

dwj-file-extension
dwj-file-description Dynamic Submission 2000 V6 file
dwj-file-description A dwj file extension is related to the Dynamic Submission 2000 V6 and used for its data files.

dwk-file-extension
dwk-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD locked DWG drawing
dwk-file-description A dwk file extension is related to the Autodesk AutoCAD a CAD solution for Mac and Windows. A dwk file contains locked DWG drawing.

dwl-file-extension
dwl-file-description AutoCAD drawing database locking information
dwl-file-description Files with dwl extension can be typically found as lock files generated for drawings databases opened in AutoCAD CAD/CAM software from Autodesk.

dwl2-file-extension
dwl2-file-description AutoCAD locked drawing
dwl2-file-description Files with dwl2 extension are in most cases found as drawings lock files from AutoCAD CAD modeling solution

dwlibrary-file-extension
dwlibrary-file-description Mariner Paperless document library
dwlibrary-file-description A .dwlibrary file extension is related to the Mariner Paperless and used for its document files.

dwm-file-extension
dwm-file-description Digital Works circuit project
dwm-file-description A dwm file extension is associated with the Digital Works a circuit simulator. A dwm file stores project.

dwn-file-extension
dwn-file-description CISCO download data
dwn-file-description A dwn file extension is related some CISCO download files.

dwo-file-extension
dwo-file-description Red Hat Linux DWARF debugging information data
dwo-file-description A dwo file extension is related to the DWARF debugging information file format used by Red Hat Linux.

dwp-file-extension
dwp-file-description DarkWave Studio project
dwp-file-description Files with dwp suffix are in most cases audio projects from the free DarkWave Studio digital audio workstation for Windows.

dwproj-file-extension
dwproj-file-description DataWindow Designer project file
dwproj-file-description Files with dwproj extension is used for DataWindow Designer application. They include projects data.

dwr-file-extension
dwr-file-description NetOp data
dwr-file-description A dwr file extension is related to the NetOp applications.

dws-file-extension
dws-file-description AutoCAD standardization data
dws-file-description A dws file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a CAD modeling software. A dws file contains standardization data.

dwt-file-extension
dwt-file-description Adobe Dreamweaver template
dwt-file-description Files with dwt file extension may be found as templates, most typically from Adobe Dreamweaver web development tool but also other programs use this extensions for their templates.

dwx-file-extension
dwx-file-description DesignWorks Viewer Tools data
dwx-file-description Files with dwx file extension can also be found as data files from one of the DesignWorks programs.

dwz-file-extension
dwz-file-description Compressed AutoCAD drawing
dwz-file-description Files with dwz file extension are in almost all cases compressed AutoCAD drawings. Basically a ZIP-compressed DWG file.

dx-file-extension
dx-file-description JCAMP Spectroscopic Data Exchange Format
dx-file-description Files with dx file extension are related to the JCAMP Spectroscopic Data Exchange Format.

dx1-file-extension
dx1-file-description JCAMP-DX spectrometer data format
dx1-file-description Files with dx1 file extension might be found as data files in JCAMP-DX spectrometer data format.

dx18-file-extension
dx18-file-description Spektrum DX18 transmitter firmware
dx18-file-description A dx18 file extension is related to the Spektrum DX18 transmitter firmware format.

dx2-file-extension
dx2-file-description Oracle Siebel data
dx2-file-description A file suffix dx2 is related to the Oracle Siebel eBusiness Application software.

dx7-file-extension
dx7-file-description Yamaha DX-series raw audio data
dx7-file-description Files with dx7 file extension can be found as audio dumps from Yamaha DX7 series. Raw audio.

dxa-file-extension
dxa-file-description DXA video format
dxa-file-description Files with dxa extension can be found as old multimedia (mainly video) files in the DXA video used on Amiga and Macintosh computers.

dxb-file-extension
dxb-file-description AutoCAD drawing exchange format
dxb-file-description A dxb file extension is related to AutoCAD software developed by Autodesk. A dxb (drawing interchange binary) file stores CAD drawing in binary drawing exchange format.

dxd-file-extension
dxd-file-description Diogenes Extended Document
dxd-file-description Files with dxd file extension might be found as old documents created in now discontinued program called Diogenes by Dimensione CAD.

dxe-file-extension
dxe-file-description AutoCAD data extraction template
dxe-file-description A dxe file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a CAD modeling tool for Windows and Mac. A dxe file contains data extraction template.

dxg-file-extension
dxg-file-description Duxbury Braille Translator data
dxg-file-description A dxg file extension is related to the Duxbury Braille Translator data format.

dxh-file-extension
dxh-file-description House of the Dead 3 extracted data archive
dxh-file-description Files with dxh file extension can be found as exported graphics files from House of the Dead 3 (HOTD3) game.

dxi-file-extension
dxi-file-description PayWindow database
dxi-file-description A dxi file extension is related to the PayWindow, an accounting software. A dxi file stores database used by PayWindow..

dxl-file-extension
dxl-file-description Dapyx MP3 Explorer data
dxl-file-description A dxl file extension is related to the Dapyx MP3 Explorer software. A dxl file stores data.

dxml-file-extension
dxml-file-description V++ graphics image
dxml-file-description A dxml file extension is related with V++ a graphics editor for drawing scientific and spectroscopy images. A dxml file stores graphics image.

dxn-file-extension
dxn-file-description Fujitsu dexNET fax document
dxn-file-description A dxn file extension is related to the dexNET and used for its fax documents.

dxp-file-extension
dxp-file-description CDBurnerXP data compilation
dxp-file-description Files with dxp extension can be most often encountered as burning compilations created using the CDBurnerXP CD/DVD burning tool for Microsoft Windows.

dxpack-file-extension
dxpack-file-description DesktopX object
dxpack-file-description A dxpack file extension is associated with the DesktopX program. A dxpack file contains object.

dxr-file-extension
dxr-file-description Adobe Director protected movie
dxr-file-description Files with dxr extension are mainly used in Adobe Director multimedia authoring tool for one of the default file types. A dxr file stores movie protected against editing.

dxs-file-extension
dxs-file-description Deus Ex saved game
dxs-file-description A dxs file extension is related to the Deus Ex computer game and used for its saved game files.

dxstream-file-extension
dxstream-file-description DX Studio stream
dxstream-file-description A dxstream file extension is related to the DX Studio, an integrated development environment. A dxstream file stores settings.

dxstudio-file-extension
dxstudio-file-description DX Studio document file
dxstudio-file-description Detailed description

dxt-file-extension
dxt-file-description LucasArts The Secret of Monkey Island: Special Edition texture
dxt-file-description A dxt file extension is related to The Secret of Monkey Island: Special Edition video game from LucasArts. A dxt file stores texture.

dxt1-file-extension
dxt1-file-description S2TC compressed surface texture
dxt1-file-description A dxt11 file extension is associated with the S2TC compressed surface texture format.

dxt2-file-extension
dxt2-file-description S2TC compressed surface file
dxt2-file-description Detailed description

dxt3-file-extension
dxt3-file-description S2TC compressed surface texture file
dxt3-file-description Detailed description

dxt4-file-extension
dxt4-file-description S2TC compressed surface file
dxt4-file-description Detailed description

dxt5-file-extension
dxt5-file-description S2TC compressed surface texture
dxt5-file-description A dxt5 file extension is associated with the S2TC compressed surface texture format.

dxtheme-file-extension
dxtheme-file-description DesktopX Windows desktop theme
dxtheme-file-description A dxtheme file extension is associated with the DesktopX program for building desktop themes. A .dxtheme file stores DesktopX theme package.

dxtorylic-file-extension
dxtorylic-file-description Dxtory licence
dxtorylic-file-description A dxtorylic file extension is related to the Dxtory and used for its license files.

dxu-file-extension
dxu-file-description DivX Player playlist
dxu-file-description A dxu file extension is related to the DivX Player playlist files.

dxv-file-extension
dxv-file-description DocXchanger data
dxv-file-description A dxv file extension is related to the DocXchanger software. A dxv file stores data.

dxw-file-extension
dxw-file-description DimensioneX world data
dxw-file-description A dxw file extension is associated with the DimensioneX, a video gaming engine for Windows.

dxx-file-extension
dxx-file-description AutoCAD drawing interchange attribute
dxx-file-description A dxx file extension is related to the AutoCAD and used for its drawing interchange attribute.

dxxd-file-extension
dxxd-file-description DXXD ransomware affected file
dxxd-file-description Files with dxxd suffix can be typically encountered as files encrypted and renamed by the DXXD ransomware.

dxy-file-extension
dxy-file-description 34 Row Displacement Correction format
dxy-file-description A dxy file extension is associated with the 34 Row Displacement Correction format.

dxyylc-file-extension
dxyylc-file-description Unknown file
dxyylc-file-description Currently we do not have any information related to this .dxyylc file extension.

dxz-file-extension
dxz-file-description Trojan backdoor virus data
dxz-file-description A dxz file extension is related to the files used by some Trojan horses.

dy44-file-extension
dy44-file-description Dyaxis audio format
dy44-file-description A dy44 file extension is related to the Dyaxis audio format with 44k sampling rate.

dyc-file-extension
dyc-file-description Xerox printer driver configuration
dyc-file-description A dyc file extension is related some printers developed by Xerox. A dyc file stores configuration.

dyf-file-extension
dyf-file-description Audio DiffMaker data
dyf-file-description A dyf file extension is related to the Audio DiffMaker application for Microsoft Windows operating system.

dylib-file-extension
dylib-file-description Xcode dynamic library
dylib-file-description A dylib file extension is associated with the Xcode an integrated development environment and used for dynamic libraries.

dyn-file-extension
dyn-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 data
dyn-file-description Files with dyn file extension might also be found as data files from old Lotus 1-2-3 program.

dyr-file-extension
dyr-file-description PSS E dynamics data
dyr-file-description A dyr file extension is related to the dynamics data format used by PSS®E program from Siemens.

dyv-file-extension
dyv-file-description WORM_AUTORUN.DYV worm data
dyv-file-description A dyv file extension is related to the WORM_AUTORUN.DYV worm. A dyv file stores data.

dyz-file-extension
dyz-file-description Backdoor.Win32.ProRat.dyz trojan file
dyz-file-description Files with dyz suffix are known to be created by the Backdoor.Win32.ProRat.dyz trojan virus.

dz-file-extension
dz-file-description LG firmware archive
dz-file-description Files with dz extension can be usually found as firmware updates in LG firmware archive for some Android based LG devices.

dz2-file-extension
dz2-file-description Dungeons 2 saved game
dz2-file-description A dz2 file extension is associated with the Dungeons 2 video game for Windows, macOS and Linux.

dz3dt-file-extension
dz3dt-file-description Cyberlink PowerDirector data
dz3dt-file-description A dz3dt file extension is related to the Cyberlink PowerDirector software.

dza-file-extension
dza-file-description Cyberlink PowerDirector data
dza-file-description A dza file extension is related to the Cyberlink PowerDirector video editing software.

dzb-file-extension
dzb-file-description The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker collision mesh data
dzb-file-description A dzb file extension is related to The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker a video game. A dzb file stores collision mesh data.

dzbl-file-extension
dzbl-file-description Cyberlink PowerDirector Effect Extractor data
dzbl-file-description A dzbl file extension is related to the Cyberlink PowerDirector and used for its data files.

dzep-file-extension
dzep-file-description Cyberlink PowerDirector Effect Extractor data
dzep-file-description A dzep file extension is associated with the Cyberlink PowerDirector Effect Extractor. A dzep file stores data.

dzf-file-extension
dzf-file-description IBM SPSS compressed data
dzf-file-description Files with dzf file extension are related to the IBM SPSS compressed data format.

dzi-file-extension
dzi-file-description PhotoSynth Deep Zoom Image
dzi-file-description Files with dzi file extension might be found as deep zoom images from Microsoft PhotoSynth.

dzip-file-extension
dzip-file-description The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings game data archive
dzip-file-description Files with dzip suffix can e found as game entities (models etc.) from The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings RPG game.

dzk-file-extension
dzk-file-description AMP font library
dzk-file-description Files with dzk file extension can be found as font libraries for AMP Display flat display panels.

dzl-file-extension
dzl-file-description DazzlerMAX data
dzl-file-description Files with dzl file extension can be found as part of DazzlerMAX an e-learning software.

dzm-file-extension
dzm-file-description Cyberlink DirectorZone Menu template
dzm-file-description A dzm file extension is related to the Cyberlink DirectorZone Menu template file format.

dzp-file-extension
dzp-file-description DirectorZone particle effect
dzp-file-description Files with dzp file extension are mainly related to Cyberlink PowerDirector and used for files that contain saved particle effects.

dzprj-file-extension
dzprj-file-description Deep Zoom Composer project file
dzprj-file-description The dzprj file extension is related to the Deep Zoom Composer and used for its project files.

dzr-file-extension
dzr-file-description The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker room data
dzr-file-description A dzr file extension is related to the The Legned of Zelda: The Wind Waker, a video game. A dzr file stores room data.

dzs-file-extension
dzs-file-description Download Accelerator skin
dzs-file-description A dzs file extension is associated with the Download Accelerator program. A dzs file stores skin.

dzt-file-extension
dzt-file-description Cyberlink DirectorZone title template
dzt-file-description Files with dzt file extension can be found as templates for Cyberlink DrectorZone program.

dztr-file-extension
dztr-file-description Cyberlink PowerDirector data
dztr-file-description A dztr file extension is related to the Cyberlink PowerDirector, a video editing software.

d%7El-file-extension
d%7El-file-description Creative DLL copy
d%7El-file-description A d~l file extension is related to the copy of DLL files created with the Creative apps. Probably obsolete.

elf-file-extension
elf-file-description ELF executable

emf-file-extension
emf-file-description Enhanced Windows Metafile picture

eml-file-extension
eml-file-description Email message
eml-file-description An eml file extension is used by variety e-mail clients, such as Outlook Express, Windows Mail, Windows Live Mail, Thunderbird etc. An eml file contains saved email message either meant as backup or for sharing.

emz-file-extension
emz-file-description Microsoft Windows compressed enhanced metafile

eng-file-extension
eng-file-description English language localization
eng-file-description Files with eng file extension can be commonly found as English language localizations for programs or computer games.

eot-file-extension
eot-file-description Embedded OpenType font

eps-file-extension
eps-file-description Encapsulated PostScript image
eps-file-description An eps file extension is associated with the Adobe Encapsulated PostScirpt graphics file format. An eps file contains PostScript commands for printing text and graphics.

epub-file-extension
epub-file-description Open Publication structure e-book
epub-file-description File extension epub is used by e-book in Open Publication structure eBook format. Since 2007 EPUB format is regarded as international standard. Generally used for text-centric books or other publications.

evtx-file-extension
evtx-file-description Microsoft Windows event log
evtx-file-description Files with evtx extension can be usually found as event logs generated in Microsoft Windows operating system. An event log file contains various information how programs are working, and type of errors they encounter.

exe-file-extension
exe-file-description Program executable

ezz-file-extension
ezz-file-description Alpha Crypt virus encrypted data
ezz-file-description Files with ezz file extension are commonly found as encrypted files by the Alpha Crypt ransomware. They can be anything, including documents, photos, spreadsheets and others sensitive files affected by these viruses.

e-file-extension
e-file-description Epsilon Editor EEL macro language
e-file-description An e file extension is related to EEL macro language used by Epsilon Editor.

e00-file-extension
e00-file-description ESRI map file export
e00-file-description Files with e00 file extension are related to the ESRI and used for its map file export data.

e01-file-extension
e01-file-description EnCase Forensic image
e01-file-description Files with e01 file suffix can be in most cases found as disk images recovered using Forensic software. Expert Witness Format.

e02-file-extension
e02-file-description ArcInfo export data
e02-file-description An e02 file extension is related to the ArcInfo, a geographic information system and used for its export files.

e03-file-extension
e03-file-description ArcInfo export data
e03-file-description An e03 file extension is related to the ArcInfo a geographic information system and used for its export files.

e04-file-extension
e04-file-description ArcInfo export data
e04-file-description An e04 file extension is related to the ArcInfo a geographic information system and used for its export files.

e05-file-extension
e05-file-description ArcInfo export data
e05-file-description An e05 file extension is related to the ArcInfo a geographic information system and used for its export files.

e06-file-extension
e06-file-description ArcInfo export data
e06-file-description An e06 file extension is related to the ArcInfo a geographic information system and used for its export files.

e0x-file-extension
e0x-file-description BuildSoft data
e0x-file-description An e0x file extension is related to programs developed by BuildSoft.

e2e-file-extension
e2e-file-description Microsoft BizTalk RFID log
e2e-file-description Files with e2e extension can mostly be found as logs from Microsoft BizTalk program.

e2ev-file-extension
e2ev-file-description Korg Electribe event recorder pattern
e2ev-file-description Files with e2ev file suffix are associated with the Korg Electribe event recorder pattern format.

e2gm-file-extension
e2gm-file-description Pangea Enigmo custom game
e2gm-file-description An e2gm file extension is related to the Enigmo video game from Pangea. An e2gm file stores custom game.

e2p-file-extension
e2p-file-description PonyProg device data
e2p-file-description Files with e2p file extension can be found as device data files for the PonyProg serial device programmer software.

e32-file-extension
e32-file-description Inno Setup 1.3 data
e32-file-description An e32 file extension is related to the Inno Setup and used for its data files.

e3a-file-extension
e3a-file-description Carrier HAP project
e3a-file-description Files with e3a extension can be usually encountered as HVAC projects from the Carrier Hourly Analysis Program.

e3d-file-extension
e3d-file-description Macromedia Extreme 3D object
e3d-file-description An e3d file extension is related to the Macromedia Extreme 3D and used for its 3D object files. The Macromedia Extreme is obsolete product.

e3mod-file-extension
e3mod-file-description Emergency 3 mod package
e3mod-file-description An e3mod file extension is related to the Emergency 3 mod package format.

e3p-file-extension
e3p-file-description E3.series mechanical part
e3p-file-description An e3p file extension is associated with the E3.series, a CAD program developed by Zuken. An e3p file contains mechanical part.

e3s-file-extension
e3s-file-description E3.series project
e3s-file-description Files with e3s file extension are most often found as projects from the E3.series design and documentation preparation software by Zuken.

e3w-file-extension
e3w-file-description E3.WireWorks project file
e3w-file-description Detailed description

e4a-file-extension
e4a-file-description Encrypt4all archive
e4a-file-description An e4a file extension is related to the Encrypt4all archive files.

e4b-file-extension
e4b-file-description EOS bank
e4b-file-description An e4b file extension is related to the EOS bank file format.

e4mod-file-extension
e4mod-file-description Emergency 4 mod
e4mod-file-description Files with e4mod file extension might be found as mods for Emergency 4 computer game.

e4p-file-extension
e4p-file-description Emergency 4 prototype
e4p-file-description An e4p file extension is related to the Energency 4 computer game. An e4p file stores prototy data.

e4xmi-file-extension
e4xmi-file-description Eclipse application model data
e4xmi-file-description A file extension e4xmi is associated with the Eclipse, an integrated development software. An e4xmi file contains application model data.

e50-file-extension
e50-file-description MicroPAVER 5.0 data
e50-file-description An e50 file extension is related to the MicroPAVER version 5.0 and used for its data files.

e57-file-extension
e57-file-description 3D Imaging Data Exchange format
e57-file-description Files with e57 file extension can be typically found as 3D data saved in the 3D imaging data exchange format developed by ASTM Committee E57 on 3D Imaging Systems.

e60-file-extension
e60-file-description MicroPAVER 6.0 data
e60-file-description An e60 file extension is related to the MicroPAVER software. An e60 file contains some kind of data.

ea-file-extension
ea-file-description EarAche audio
ea-file-description An ea file extension is related to the EarAche audio file format.

ea3-file-extension
ea3-file-description FIFA 2001 environment game data
ea3-file-description An ea3 file extension is related to the FIFA 2001, a sport simulation video game. An ea3 file contains environment game data.

eac-file-extension
eac-file-description EmEditor auto completion data
eac-file-description An eac file extension is related to the EmEditor and used for its its auto completion data.

eac3-file-extension
eac3-file-description Dolby Digital Plus audio track
eac3-file-description Files with eac3 extension can be found as audio tracks in  Dolby Digital Plus (Enhanced AC-3) format.

ead-file-extension
ead-file-description EAD document
ead-file-description An ead file extension is associated with the Encoded Archival Description. An ead file stores document.

eaf-file-extension
eaf-file-description ELAN Annotation Format
eaf-file-description Files with eaf file extension can be mainly found as special annotation files based on he EUDIOC format.

eaglerc-file-extension
eaglerc-file-description EAGLE Linux user-specific parameter data
eaglerc-file-description An eaglerc file extension is related to the EAGLE (short for Easily Applicable Graphical Layout Editor) CAE software. An eaglerc file stores user-specific parameter data for Linux version.

eal-file-extension
eal-file-description EnergyAccess log
eal-file-description An eal file extension is associated with the EnergyAccess application for Windows that allows users to monitor, analyze and control energy consumption.

eam-file-extension
eam-file-description XWE data
eam-file-description An eam file extension is related to the XWE a WAD editing tool. An eam file contains data.

eap-file-extension
eap-file-description Adobe Photoshop exposure data
eap-file-description Files with eap extension are mostly is related to exposure data files from the Adobe Photoshop photo editing tool.

eappx-file-extension
eappx-file-description Microsoft Windows encrypted app archive
eappx-file-description Files with eappx file extension are related to the Microsoft Windows encrypted app archive used by Windows 10 system.

ear-file-extension
ear-file-description Java Enterprise application packaging unit
ear-file-description Files with ear file extension can be mostly found as renamed JAR archives with special structure for application modules.

eas-file-extension
eas-file-description OS/2 extended file attributes
eas-file-description Files with eas file extension can be found in OS/2 operating system. These files contain extended file attributes.

eas-ms-file-extension
eas-ms-file-description Microsoft Office Live Meeting data
eas-ms-file-description An eas-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Office Live Meeting files.

easm-file-extension
easm-file-description SolidWorks eDrawing assembly data
easm-file-description Files with easm extension can be found as exported Solidworks CAD files using the eDrawing software. Used for preview and sharing purposes.

easmx-file-extension
easmx-file-description SolidWorks eDrawings XPS assembly file
easmx-file-description The *.easmx file extension is related to the SolidWorks eDrawings XPS assembly file format developed by Dassault Systèmes.

eax-file-extension
eax-file-description ERwin exported data model
eax-file-description An eax file extension is associated with the ERwin exported data model format.

eaz-file-extension
eaz-file-description ArcGIS Explorer add-in
eaz-file-description Files with eaz file extension are related to the ArcGIS Explorer program for Windows. An eaz file stores add-in.

eb-file-extension
eb-file-description EBwin project
eb-file-description Files with eb file extension might be found as projects from EBwin software.

eba-file-extension
eba-file-description EBA ebook format
eba-file-description Files with eba extension are associated with Chinese e-book format named EBA.

ebaml-file-extension
ebaml-file-description EBA ebook format
ebaml-file-description Files with ebaml extension are used by the Chinese e-book format.

ebax-file-extension
ebax-file-description Game file
ebax-file-description Files with EBAX extension might be game files from some Korean video game.

ebb-file-extension
ebb-file-description Empower business bulletin data
ebb-file-description An ebb file extension is related to the Empower, a dashboard management and strategic planning software. An ebb file contains business bulletin data.

ebc-file-extension
ebc-file-description MediaBASIC compiled project
ebc-file-description Files with ebc file extension can be found as compiled sources in MediaBASIC language.

ebcdic-file-extension
ebcdic-file-description Extended Binary Coded Decimal Interchange Code format
ebcdic-file-description An ebcdic file extension is related to the Extended Binary Coded Decimal Interchange Code format.

ebd-file-extension
ebd-file-description Empower business dashboard file
ebd-file-description Files with ebd extension are used by the Empower program. They include some data used for internal purposes.

ebdl-file-extension
ebdl-file-description ebi.BookReader3J data
ebdl-file-description An ebdl file extension is related to the ebi.BookReader3J software from eBOOK Initiative Japan.

ebev-file-extension
ebev-file-description ebi.BookReaderJ3 data
ebev-file-description An ebev file extension is related to the ebi.BookReaderJ3 files.

ebf-file-extension
ebf-file-description Pocket PC WindowsCE form
ebf-file-description An ebf file extension is related to the Microsoft WindowsCE and used for its form files.

ebh-file-extension
ebh-file-description eBahn Desktop automotive repair information data
ebh-file-description An ebh file extension is related to the eBahn Desktop and used for its automotive repair information data.

ebi-file-extension
ebi-file-description The Bat! messages encrypted backup
ebi-file-description An ebi file extension is related to The Bat! security e-mail software for Windows. An ebi file contains encrypted backup of e-mail messages.

ebj-file-extension
ebj-file-description Geoworks error checking object
ebj-file-description Files with ebj file extension could be found as error checking object files from Geoworks.

ebk-file-extension
ebk-file-description Outlook Express Backup Genie backup
ebk-file-description Files with ebk extension can be found as backup files from Outlook Express Backup Genie program.

ebk2-file-extension
ebk2-file-description E-book format
ebk2-file-description Files with ebk2 file extension might be found as e-book in some rare Asian format.

ebkproj-file-extension
ebkproj-file-description eCub project file
ebkproj-file-description Detailed description

ebktml-file-extension
ebktml-file-description eBook Pro encoded temporary file
ebktml-file-description Detailed description

ebl-file-extension
ebl-file-description Expedite Bid amendment library
ebl-file-description An ebl file extension is related to the Expedite Bid and used for its amendment library files.

ebm-file-extension
ebm-file-description Ragnarok online emblem data
ebm-file-description An ebm file extension is related to the Ragnarok, an on-line MMORPG game. An ebm file stores online emblem data.

ebmd-file-extension
ebmd-file-description MicroMap map data
ebmd-file-description Files with ebmd file extension might be found as navigation maps for MicroMap GPS navigation software.

ebmp-file-extension
ebmp-file-description EBMP bitmap format
ebmp-file-description Files with ebmp file extension are some sort of bitmap BMP-like images, usually with worse quality.

ebn-file-extension
ebn-file-description Philips GoGear firmware update
ebn-file-description An ebn file extension is related to the Philips GoGear firmware update files.

ebo-file-extension
ebo-file-description Microsoft Reader eBook Format
ebo-file-description Files with ebo file extension can be found as older e-books in Microsoft Reader eBook format.

ebp-file-extension
ebp-file-description Jes-Soft Sports play description
ebp-file-description An ebp file extension is related to the Jes-Soft Sports play description file format.

ebq-file-extension
ebq-file-description CITE Electronic Bill of Quantities file
ebq-file-description Files with ebq extension are one of the CITE formats -  Electronic Bill of Quantities files.

ebr-file-extension
ebr-file-description Availity electronic batch report data
ebr-file-description Files with ebr extension are related to the electronic batch report file format used by Availity software. An ebr file stores claim-level information.

ebs-file-extension
ebs-file-description Microsoft Windows XP scanner data
ebs-file-description An ebs file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows XP operating system. An ebs file stores scanned document.

ebs2-file-extension
ebs2-file-description E-Prime E-Run script file
ebs2-file-description Files with ebs2 extension are used by E-Run utility which is a part of E-Prime software. It is a script file format.

ebts-file-extension
ebts-file-description Electronic Biometric Transmission Standard
ebts-file-description Files with ebts file extension are related to the Electronic Biometric Transmission Standard format.

ebu-file-extension
ebu-file-description Ulead EasyBackup data
ebu-file-description An ebu file extension si related to the Ulead EasyBackup software.

ebuild-file-extension
ebuild-file-description Portage eBuild script
ebuild-file-description An ebuild file extension is related to the Protage eBuild for Gentoo Linux operating system. An ebuild file stores script.

ebv-file-extension
ebv-file-description Ash Ware enhanced behavior data
ebv-file-description An ebv file extension is associated with the Ash Ware enhanced behavior data format.

ebw-file-extension
ebw-file-description Encyclopaedia Britannica data
ebw-file-description Files with ebw file extension are related to the Encyclopaedia Britannica application.

ebx-file-extension
ebx-file-description Rational Rose 98 compiled script
ebx-file-description An ebx file extension is related to the Rational Rose 98 compiled script format.

ebz-file-extension
ebz-file-description Empire Builder Pronto saved game
ebz-file-description Files with ebz file extension can be found as saved game positions from Empire Builder Pronto game.

ec0-file-extension
ec0-file-description MetroCount traffic data
ec0-file-description An ec0 file extension is related to the MetroCount and used for its traffic data files.

ec3-file-extension
ec3-file-description Dolby Digital AC3 audio
ec3-file-description An ec3 file extension is related to the Dolby Digital AC3 sound file format.

ec4-file-extension
ec4-file-description EPSON Print CD document
ec4-file-description Files with ec4 extension are printing projects created using the EPSON Print CD program that was bundled to some older models of EPSON printers.

ec7-file-extension
ec7-file-description EuroCUT profile
ec7-file-description Files with ec7 file extension might be found as profiles from version 7 of ElecroCUT program.

ec8-file-extension
ec8-file-description Simplazz 1-2-3 accountant export
ec8-file-description Files with ec8 file extension are Accountant export files from Simplazz 1-2-3 cashflow and invoice manager.

ecab-file-extension
ecab-file-description EGT compressed folder
ecab-file-description An ecab file extension is associated with the EGT compressed folders. Probably obsolete file format.

ecb-file-extension
ecb-file-description EccoPro database backup
ecb-file-description An ecb file extension is related to the EccoPro and used for its database backup.

ecbk-file-extension
ecbk-file-description LG PC Suite calendar backup
ecbk-file-description Files with ecbk extension can be mainly found as calendar backup files made using LG PC Suite.

ecc-file-extension
ecc-file-description Ecchi picture
ecc-file-description Files with ecc extension can be found as pictures in the Ecchi image file format.

ecd-file-extension
ecd-file-description CoCut Plotter printer driver
ecd-file-description Files with ecd file extension may be often found as printer drivers for CoCut Plotter plugin.

ece-file-extension
ece-file-description Oracle Application Express dynamic web page
ece-file-description An ece file extension is related to the Oracle Application Express dynamic web page files.

ecelp7470-file-extension
ecelp7470-file-description Nuera audio file
ecelp7470-file-description Detailed description

ecf-file-extension
ecf-file-description Microsoft Outlook add-in
ecf-file-description Files with ecf extension can be quite often found as add-ins for Microsoft Outlook time management software and e-mail client.

ecfg-file-extension
ecfg-file-description ESRI XML zipped database
ecfg-file-description An ecfg file extension is related to the ArcGIS a GIS software. An ecfg file contains zipped database.

ecg-file-extension
ecg-file-description ECG electrocardiography data file
ecg-file-description Files with ecg file extension can be found as some sort of ECG Electrocardiography files used by some medical devices.

ech-file-extension
ech-file-description EasyChem saved data
ech-file-description An ech file extension is related to the EasyChem program. An ech file contains saved data.

eci-file-extension
eci-file-description Ettercap info
eci-file-description An eci file extension is related to the Ettercap software for sniffing live connections. An eci file contains info data.

ecl-file-extension
ecl-file-description Active Media Eclipse Screensaver Maker project
ecl-file-description An ecl file extension is related to the Active Media Eclipse Screensaver Maker and used for its project files.

eclipseproduct-file-extension
eclipseproduct-file-description Eclipse Product Maker data file
eclipseproduct-file-description An eclipseproduct file extension is related to the Eclipse Product Maker and used for its data files.

ecm-file-extension
ecm-file-description Error Code Modeler disk image
ecm-file-description An ecm file extension is related to the Error Code Modeler (ECM). An ecm file contains processed disk image.

ecml-file-extension
ecml-file-description Quickbooks licence file
ecml-file-description Files with ecml suffix can be found as license files for QuickBooks accounting software. Typically found as EntitlementDataStore.ecml.

ecn-file-extension
ecn-file-description ECN Analysis electrochemical noise data
ecn-file-description An ecn file extension is associated with the ECN Analysis electrochemical noise data format.

eco-file-extension
eco-file-description ECCO database
eco-file-description An eco file extension is related to the ECCO Pro software. An eco file stores database.

ecore-file-extension
ecore-file-description Kermeta ecore diagram
ecore-file-description An encore file extension is related to the Kermeta for Eclipse. An ecore file contains ecore diagram.

ecore2ecore-file-extension
ecore2ecore-file-description Eclipse EMF ecore model mapping data
ecore2ecore-file-description An ecore2ecore file extension is related to the Eclipse, a development tool for Windows, Mac and Linux. An ecore2ecore file contains ecore model mapping data.

ecore2xml-file-extension
ecore2xml-file-description Eclipse EMF ecore model mapping
ecore2xml-file-description An ecore2xml file extension is related to the Eclipse, an integrated development tool for Windows, Mac and Linux. An ecore2xml file stores model mapping.

ecorediag-file-extension
ecorediag-file-description Kermeta ecore diagram information data
ecorediag-file-description A kmt file extension is related to the Kermeta plugin for Eclipse development environment. A kmt file contains ecore diagram information data.

ecp-file-extension
ecp-file-description eCourse Planner template
ecp-file-description An ecp file extension is related to the eCourse Planner template format.

ecr-file-extension
ecr-file-description Ecrypt encrypted data
ecr-file-description Files with ecr file extension can be found as encrypted files from Encrypt software.

ecs-file-extension
ecs-file-description F-Secure Easy Clean selection data
ecs-file-description An ecs file extension is related to Easy Clean, an on-line security service developed by F-Secure.

ecs4-file-extension
ecs4-file-description Easy Cut Studio project
ecs4-file-description An ecs4 file extension is related to the Easy Cut Studio, a designing tool for Windows and macOS. An ecs4 file stores project.

ecsv-file-extension
ecsv-file-description Encapsulated Comma Separated Value file
ecsv-file-description Files with ecsv file extension can be mainly found as data files saved in the Encapsulated Comma Separated Value format.

ect-file-extension
ect-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ exception console template
ect-file-description An ext file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++ development tool. An ext file stores exception console template.

ecu-file-extension
ecu-file-description TunerPro ECU configurator data
ecu-file-description Files with ecu extension can be quite often found as ECU configuration files saved using the TunerPro tool for configuring ECU units

ecw-file-extension
ecw-file-description Enhanced Compressed Wavelet image format
ecw-file-description An ecw file extension is related to Enhanced Compressed Wavelet image file format used for aerial and satellite imagery.

ecw2002puzzle-file-extension
ecw2002puzzle-file-description EclipseCrossword Puzzle file
ecw2002puzzle-file-description Detailed description

ecw2002words-file-extension
ecw2002words-file-description EclipseCrossword word list
ecw2002words-file-description An ecw2002words file extension is related to the EclipseCrossword program. An ecw2002words file contains word list.

ecx-file-extension
ecx-file-description ECCO Pro damaged database
ecx-file-description An ecx file extension is related to the ECCO Pro and used for its damaged database files.

ec_-file-extension
ec_-file-description Unknown file extension
ec_-file-description Files with ec_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ed-file-extension
ed-file-description LithTech game level
ed-file-description An ed file extension is related to the LithTech video gaming engine and used for its game level files.

ed2-file-extension
ed2-file-description CHARMM test data
ed2-file-description An ed2 file extension is related to the CHARMM (Chemistry at HARvard Macromolecular Mechanics). An ed2 file contains test data.

ed2k-file-extension
ed2k-file-description eDonkey download link
ed2k-file-description An ed2k file extension is related to the eDonkey peer-to-peer sharing network client. An ed2k file stores download link to data.

ed3-file-extension
ed3-file-description CHARMM test
ed3-file-description An ed3 file extension is related to the CHARMM (Chemistry at HARvard Macromolecular Mechanics). An ed3 file contains test data.

ed5-file-extension
ed5-file-description EDMICS picture image
ed5-file-description An ed5 file extension is related to Engineering Data Management Information picture image file format.

ed6-file-extension
ed6-file-description EDMICS graphics
ed6-file-description An ed6 file extension is related to the EDMICS software and used for its graphics files.

eda-file-extension
eda-file-description Ensoniq ASR disk image
eda-file-description Files with eda file extension are used for Ensoniq ASR floppy images.

edat-file-extension
edat-file-description Sony Playstation Portable PSP encrypted data
edat-file-description An edat file extension is related to the Sony Playstation Portable and Playstation 3. An edat file stores encrypted data.

edat2-file-extension
edat2-file-description E-Prime 2 E-DataAid data
edat2-file-description An edat2 file extension is associated with the E-Prime suite. An edat2 file stores some kind of data.

edb-file-extension
edb-file-description Microsoft Windows Extensible Storage Engine database
edb-file-description An edb file extension is related to Extensible Storage Engine (ESE) that enables applications to store and retrieve data from tables using indexed or sequential cursor navigation. An edb file stores ESE database.

edc-file-extension
edc-file-description Kryptel (Lite) Decoder/Encoder data
edc-file-description An edc file extension is related to Kryptel software and used for its encrypted files.

edd-file-extension
edd-file-description Adobe FrameMaker element definition document
edd-file-description An edd file extension is related to the Adobe FrameMaker and used for its element definition document files.

eddx-file-extension
eddx-file-description Edraw project
eddx-file-description Files with eddx file extension can be found as diagram projects made and saved in Edraw software.

ede-file-extension
ede-file-description Ensoniq EPS disk image
ede-file-description An ede file extension is related to the Ensoniq disk image format used to store 16-bit sound.

edf-file-extension
edf-file-description RF Online game data
edf-file-description An edf file extension is related to the RF Online (Rising Force) and used for its game data files.

edg-file-extension
edg-file-description EdG command file
edg-file-description Files with edg extension are used for the Intergraph's IGDS software.

edge-file-extension
edge-file-description Adobe Edge animation project
edge-file-description Files with edge suffix are projects created and saved in Adobe Edge software. Used to produce HTML content as alternative to Flash.

edgel-file-extension
edgel-file-description EdgeLocker ransomware affected file
edgel-file-description Files with edgel suffix are in most cases encrypted user or multimedia files affected by the EdgeLocker ransomware.

edi-file-extension
edi-file-description EDI Engine Electronic Data Interchange format
edi-file-description Files with edi extension are most notably related to the EDI Engine Electronic Data Interchange file format used by the EDI Engine.

edif-file-extension
edif-file-description Electronic Design Interchange Format
edif-file-description An edif file extension is related to the Electronic Design Interchange Format.

editorconfig-file-extension
editorconfig-file-description EditorConfig settings
editorconfig-file-description Files with editorconfig file extension are used for EditorConfig software. They include settings data for Python and JavaScript.

edj-file-extension
edj-file-description Enlightenment DR 17 background and theme
edj-file-description Files with edj file extension are associated with Enlightenment DR 17.

edk-file-extension
edk-file-description Ensoniq KT disk image
edk-file-description An edk file extension is associated with the Ensoniq KT disk image format.

edl-file-extension
edl-file-description Edit Decision List
edl-file-description An edl file extension is related to the Edit Decision List (EDL).

edm-file-extension
edm-file-description Adobe Extension Data Markup Language (EDML)
edm-file-description An edm file extension is related to the Adobe Extension Data Markup Language (EDML) files.

edml-file-extension
edml-file-description EDML Parser-Library file
edml-file-description Files with edml extension are known as Extension Data Markup Language files.

edmm-file-extension
edmm-file-description Novadigm EDM data
edmm-file-description An edm file extension is related to the Novadigm EDM products. An edm file contains data.

edmx-file-extension
edmx-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio entity data model
edmx-file-description Files with edmx file extension are commonly used by Microsoft Visual Studio for entity data models.

edn-file-extension
edn-file-description Adobe Acrobat eBook activation
edn-file-description Files with edn file suffix are related to the Adobe Acrobat eBook activation data.

edoc-file-extension
edoc-file-description Electronically certified document
edoc-file-description Files with edoc extension are usually files that contain data in Electronically certified document file format.

edp-file-extension
edp-file-description NI Multisim data
edp-file-description An edp file extension is related to the NI Multisim developed by National Instruments Corporation.

edpi-file-extension
edpi-file-description ExamDiff Pro session fle
edpi-file-description Files with EDPI extension can be found as session files from ExamDiff Pro program from prestoSoft.

edq-file-extension
edq-file-description Ensoniq SQ1/SQ2/KS32 disk image
edq-file-description An edq file extension is related to the Ensoniq SQ1/SQ2/KS32 electronic keyboards. An edq file contains disk image.

edr-file-extension
edr-file-description Embird color palette
edr-file-description Files with edr file extension can be most commonly encountered as color palettes for Embird Embroidery Software.

edrw-file-extension
edrw-file-description SolidWorks eDrawing data file
edrw-file-description Files with edrw extension are so called eDrawings, publish only exports of technical drawings or models prepared using SolidWorks 3D CAD/CAM software.

edrwx-file-extension
edrwx-file-description SolidWorks eDrawings XPS drawing document
edrwx-file-description An edrwx file extension is used for Microsoft XPS drawing document file, that is used to store CAD drawing. It is a part of the XPS archive.

eds-file-extension
eds-file-description Ensoniq SQ80 disk image
eds-file-description Files with eds file extension might be found as old disk images from Ensoniq SQ-80 synthesizer.

eds_pckg-file-extension
eds_pckg-file-description EditStudio data
eds_pckg-file-description An eds_pckg file extension is used by EditStudio software version 6.

edt-file-extension
edt-file-description Adobe Ebook download settings
edt-file-description Files with edt file extension are related to old program called Adobe Acrobat eBook Reader. Some sort of settings for PDF e-books. Old and no longer used, although Adobe Digital Editions can still open it.

edu-file-extension
edu-file-description EDU Internet domain
edu-file-description EDU is usually used as top-level domain that means education available for educational institutions, primarily those in the United States.

edv-file-extension
edv-file-description Ensoniq VFX-SD disk image
edv-file-description Files with edv extension are associated with Awave Studio software.

edw-file-extension
edw-file-description SolidWorks eDrawing data
edw-file-description The edw file extension is related to the SolidWorks eDrawings and used for its data files.

edx-file-extension
edx-file-description EDraw Max drawing file
edx-file-description Files with edx extension can be usually found as drawings and flowcharts created using the EDraw Max diagramming software.

edz-file-extension
edz-file-description ProductView compressed package
edz-file-description Files with edz extension can be found as compressed packages from ProductView program.

ee-file-extension
ee-file-description Encrypt Easy encrypted data
ee-file-description Files with ee extension are in most cases files encrypted using the Encrypt Easy data protection software.

eea-file-extension
eea-file-description Encrypted e-mail attachment
eea-file-description An eea file extension is related to the Attachment Decoder and used for its encrypted e-mail attachments.

eeb-file-extension
eeb-file-description Corel WordPerfect equation editor button bar data
eeb-file-description An eeb file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its equation editor button bar files.

eee-file-extension
eee-file-description 3eee Triple Encryption encrypted data
eee-file-description An eee file extension is related to the 3eee Triple Encryption and used for its encrypted data.

eef-file-extension
eef-file-description Embird project
eef-file-description Files with eef file extension can be found as project files from Embird embroidery software.

eeg-file-extension
eeg-file-description EEG data file
eeg-file-description Files with eeg suffix can be usually found as medical eeg (Electroencephalography) graphs or other data files.

eek-file-extension
eek-file-description Arachne script
eek-file-description An eek file extension is related to the Arachne internet web browser. An eek file stores script.

eel-file-extension
eel-file-description Atmosphere embedded element library
eel-file-description An eel file extension is related to the Atmosphere embedded element library format.

eep-file-extension
eep-file-description Evidence Eliminator data
eep-file-description Files with eep file extension are used to delete user´s HDD files by Evidence Eliminator program, that can be failed to delete by using normal procedure.

eepf-file-extension
eepf-file-description EmuOS exchangeable packet
eepf-file-description Files with eepf file extension can be found mainly as exchange packets for EmuOS hacking simulator.

eer-file-extension
eer-file-description Lahey Fortran error data
eer-file-description An eer file extension is related to the Lahey Fortran a programming tool. An eer file stores program execution error messages.

ees-file-extension
ees-file-description Empire Earth scenario data
ees-file-description An ees file extension is related to the Empire Earth computer game. An ees file stores some kind of scenario data.

eet-file-extension
eet-file-description Enlightenment EET data
eet-file-description An eet file extension is related to the Enlightenment and used for its EET data files.

eex-file-extension
eex-file-description Oracle Discoverer EUL data
eex-file-description An eex file extension is related to the Oracle Discoverer, an ad-hoc query, reporting, analysis, and Web-publishing tool.

ef2-file-extension
ef2-file-description Internet Download Manager data
ef2-file-description An ef2 file extension is related to the Internet Download Manager. An ef2 file stores some kind of data.

efa-file-extension
efa-file-description Ensoniq ASR instrument
efa-file-description Files with efa file extension can be found as audio files saved in the Ensoniq ASR instrument file format from Ensoniq synthesizer.

efax-file-extension
efax-file-description Everex eFax fax document
efax-file-description Files with efax file extension can most like be found on Mac platform as fax documents from eFax program.

efb-file-extension
efb-file-description Electronic Field Book file
efb-file-description Files with efb extension are used for Electronic Field book.

efc-file-extension
efc-file-description Technics Sx KN 6000 keyboard effect memory data
efc-file-description Files with efc file extension are associated with Panasoc Techni Series keyboards. They contained music effects.

efd-file-extension
efd-file-description Parallels Desktop related data
efd-file-description An efd file extension is related with the Parallels Desktop and Parallels Virtuozzo Containers virtualization applications.

efe-file-extension
efe-file-description Ensoniq EPS instrument file
efe-file-description Files with efe extension are associated with Ensoniq EPS instrument files.

eff-file-extension
eff-file-description eFileFolders file format
eff-file-description An eff file extension is related to the eFileFolders file format.

effect-file-extension
effect-file-description Serato DJ audio effect
effect-file-description An effect file extension is related to Serato DJ, a music mixing software for Windows and Mac. An effect file stores audio effect preset.

efg-file-extension
efg-file-description Gambit extensive game format
efg-file-description An efg file extension is related to the Gambit and used for its extensive game file format.

efi-file-extension
efi-file-description Extensible Firmware Interface
efi-file-description Files with efi extension can be typically encountered in installation disk for various operating systems, including Windows, OS X (macOS) or Linux.

efires-file-extension
efires-file-description Extensible Firmware Interface image
efires-file-description Files with efires file extension might be found as system images in Mac computers.

efk-file-extension
efk-file-description Ensoniq KT instrument
efk-file-description An efk file extension is related to the Ensoniq instrument format used by Ensoniq KT keyboards.

efl-file-extension
efl-file-description Encryptafile encrypted data
efl-file-description An efl file extension is related to the Encryptafile and used for its encrypted data.

efl9-file-extension
efl9-file-description ESRI license information
efl9-file-description Files with efl9 file extension are related to Esri ArcGIS software. An efl9 file contains license information.

efm-file-extension
efm-file-description Electronic Fiction Manuscript file
efm-file-description An efm file extension is related to the Electronic Fiction Manuscript file format used to store documents.

efp-file-extension
efp-file-description Microsoft Exchange Server form message template file
efp-file-description Fiels with efp extension are used by the Microsoft Exchange Server. They include some template forms.

efq-file-extension
efq-file-description Ensoniq SQ1/SQ2/KS32 instrument
efq-file-description An efq file extension is related to the Ensoniq SQ1/SQ2/KS32 instrument format.

efr-file-extension
efr-file-description Encryptafile private key
efr-file-description An efr file extension is associated with the Encryptafile program. An efr file contains private key.

efs-file-extension
efs-file-description EasyFlow data
efs-file-description An efs file extension is associated with the EasyFlow, a diagramming and flow charting software package.

efslib-file-extension
efslib-file-description eSignal EFS function library file
efslib-file-description Detailed description

efsp-file-extension
efsp-file-description Effective File Search parameters
efsp-file-description An efsp file extension is associated with the Effective File Search application for Windows.

efss-file-extension
efss-file-description Effective File Search script
efss-file-description An efss file extension is associated with the Effective File Search software and used for its scripts.

eft-file-extension
eft-file-description ChiWriter high resolution screen font
eft-file-description Files with eft file extension were also used in old word processor from early 90's called ChiWritter. Some sort of font file.

eftx-file-extension
eftx-file-description Microsoft Office 2007 theme effect
eftx-file-description Files with etfx file extension are used for Microsoft Office settings files.

efu-file-extension
efu-file-description Encryptafile public key
efu-file-description An efu file extension is related to the Encryptafile developed by XenoSystems, LLC. An efu file stores public key.

efv-file-extension
efv-file-description Ensoniq VFX-SD instrument
efv-file-description An efv file extension is related to the Ensoniq VFX-SD instrument format.

efw-file-extension
efw-file-description CA Security Centre compressed data
efw-file-description Files with efw file extension are commonly used by CA Security Center for some sort of compressed archive. It's basically a renamed ZIP file.

efw2-file-extension
efw2-file-description AccuWage W-2 form
efw2-file-description Files with efw2 file suffix are related to the AccuWage W-2 form format.

efw2c-file-extension
efw2c-file-description AccuWage W-2C form
efw2c-file-description Files with efw2c file suffix are related to the AccuWage W-2C form format.

efx-file-extension
efx-file-description Everex eFax fax document
efx-file-description Files with efx file extension can be found as fax documents from Everex eFax program.

efxt-file-extension
efxt-file-description Microsoft Office theme
efxt-file-description An efxt file extension is related to the Microsoft Office, an office suite for various platforms. An ext file contains theme.

eg-file-extension
eg-file-description Image It backup disk image
eg-file-description Files with eg file extension can be found as older disk image backups created in Image It program. Software no longer available.

eg2-file-extension
eg2-file-description IBM eGatherer collected system configuration information
eg2-file-description An eg2 file extension is associated with the IBM eGatherer software for Windows. An eg file contains collected system configuration information.

ega-file-extension
ega-file-description EGA bitmap file
ega-file-description Files with ega extension are known as Enhanced Graphics Adapter file format.

egb-file-extension
egb-file-description Encog binary data
egb-file-description Files with egb file extension are related to Encog Machine Learning Framework. These files contain some sort of training data.

egc-file-extension
egc-file-description GIF Creator project
egc-file-description An egc file extension is related to the GIF Creator and used for its project files.

egd-file-extension
egd-file-description GIS encrypted grid shape
egd-file-description An egd file extension is related to some GIS apps. An egd file stores encrypted grid shape. Probably obsolete format.

egf-file-extension
egf-file-description ElmerFront geometry definition data
egf-file-description An egf file extension is related to the ElmerFront, an obsolete software.

egg-file-extension
egg-file-description ALZip EGG compressed archive
egg-file-description Files with egg file extension can be often encountered in compressed archives made using ALZip software.

egg-info-file-extension
egg-info-file-description Python Egg data
egg-info-file-description Files with egg-info file extension can be found as so-called Python Eggs.

eggp-file-extension
eggp-file-description Adobe After Effects project
eggp-file-description An eggp file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects and used for its project files.

egi-file-extension
egi-file-description Bitmap picture image
egi-file-description An egi file extension is related to picture image format used by some MS-DOS programs. Probably obsolete format.

egisenc-file-extension
egisenc-file-description Egis encrypted data
egisenc-file-description An egisenc file extension is related to the Egis encryption software. An egisenc file stores some kind of encrypted data.

egisenx-file-extension
egisenx-file-description Egis encryped data
egisenx-file-description An egisenx file extension is related to the Egis, an encryption program. An egisenx file contains encrypted data.

eglib-file-extension
eglib-file-description Adobe Edge Animate symbol library file
eglib-file-description The .eglib file extension is related to the Adobe Edge Animate and used for its symbol library files.

egm-file-extension
egm-file-description Pangea Enigmo custom game data
egm-file-description An egm file extension is related to the Pangea Enigmo and used for its custom game files.

ego-file-extension
ego-file-description Rollback Rx drive image
ego-file-description Files with ego extension might be mostly found as backup drive images created using the Rollback RX recovery utility.

egon-file-extension
egon-file-description Egon Animator graphics
egon-file-description A .egon file extension is related to the Egon Animator and used for its animation files.

egp-file-extension
egp-file-description Easy Grade Pro gradebook
egp-file-description Files with egp file extension are related to the Easy Grade Pro gradebook format.

egplugin-file-extension
egplugin-file-description EventGhost plugin
egplugin-file-description An egplugin file extension is related to the EventGhost program for Windows. An egplugin file stores plugin with new features to program.

egr-file-extension
egr-file-description Crestron Studio engraver document
egr-file-description An egr file extension is related to Crestron Studio engraver document file format.

egrid-file-extension
egrid-file-description Eclipse grid data
egrid-file-description Files with egrid file suffix are associated with the Eclipse grid data format.

egs-file-extension
egs-file-description GIS Software encrypted grid shape data
egs-file-description An egs file extension is related to the ArcGIS for Desktop Basic (ArcView) software. An egs file contains encrypted grid shape data.

egt-file-extension
egt-file-description EagleGet incomplete download file
egt-file-description Files with egt extension can be found as incomplete download from EagleGet download accelerate tool.

egtree-file-extension
egtree-file-description EventGhost data
egtree-file-description An egtree file extension is related to the EventGhost and used for its data files.

egv-file-extension
egv-file-description Canon Easy Guide Viewer data
egv-file-description An egv file extension is related to the Canon Easy Guide Viewer.

egx-file-extension
egx-file-description EasyGrapher design
egx-file-description An egx file extension is related to the EasyGrapher software for Windows. An  egx file contains design.

eh-file-extension
eh-file-description CIRS employment history data
eh-file-description An eh file extension is associated with the CIRS (Campus Information Retrieval System). An eh file stores employment history data.

eham-file-extension
eham-file-description HAM Programmer Toolkit ExtraHAM executable
eham-file-description Files with eham file extension might be found as executables from HAM Programmer Toolkit.

ehd-file-extension
ehd-file-description ASL EYEHEAD data
ehd-file-description An ehd file extension is associated with the ASL EYEHEAD data format.

ehf-file-extension
ehf-file-description MicroEmacs data
ehf-file-description An ehf file extension is associated with the MicroEmacs, a program for Windows, Unix and DOS systems.

ehi-file-extension
ehi-file-description Evozi HTTP Injector configuration
ehi-file-description Files with ehi extension can be most often found as internet configuration files for so called Evozi HTTP Injector.

ehm-file-extension
ehm-file-description easyHDR data
ehm-file-description An ehm file extension is related to the easyHDR software developed by Bartłomiej Okonek.

ehp-file-extension
ehp-file-description Help Steward project
ehp-file-description An ehp file extension is related to the Hel Steward (HelpLogic) program. An ehp file stores project.

ehpx-file-extension
ehpx-file-description easyHDR data
ehpx-file-description Files with ehpx file extension are associated with the easyHDR data.

ehsx-file-extension
ehsx-file-description easyHDR tone mapping settings
ehsx-file-description Files with ehsx file extension are associated with the easyHDR tone mapping settings.

ehtx-file-extension
ehtx-file-description easyHDR data
ehtx-file-description An ehtx file extension is related to the easyHDR, an application for Microsoft Windows.

ei-file-extension
ei-file-description Electric Image image format
ei-file-description An ei file extension is related to the Electric Image image format.

ei6-file-extension
ei6-file-description P&G Standard Reporting System data
ei6-file-description An ei6 file extension is related to the P&G Standard Reporting System data format.

eia-file-extension
eia-file-description Excellon data
eia-file-description Files with eia extension can be found as CNC data files in Excellon data format. Variant of the EIA RS-274-C standard.

eic-file-extension
eic-file-description East Indian Company save game file
eic-file-description Files with eic extension are used for the East Indian Company computer game. They contain saved game data.

eid-file-extension
eid-file-description IBM Voice Type languages Newuser data
eid-file-description An eid file extension is related to IBM Voice Type a voice dictation software and used for languages Newuser files.

eidi-file-extension
eidi-file-description Electric Image EIDI file
eidi-file-description Detailed description

eif-file-extension
eif-file-description Eroiica graphic image
eif-file-description Files with eif extensions may be found as old graphics files from Eroiica CAD/CAM program. Seems like somewhat obsolete format.

eig-file-extension
eig-file-description Easy Index Generator data
eig-file-description An eig file extension is related to the Easy Index Generator and used for its data files.

eighteenwheelshaulinsavedgame-file-extension
eighteenwheelshaulinsavedgame-file-description 18 Wheels of Steel: Haulin' saved game
eighteenwheelshaulinsavedgame-file-description The eighteenwheelshaulinsavedgame file extension is related to the 18 Wheels of Steel: Haulin' saved game files.

eil-file-extension
eil-file-description Eagle library intermediate data
eil-file-description Files with eil file extension might be found as intermediate library files from Eagle PCB software.

eio-file-extension
eio-file-description DesignBuilder EnergyPlus model summary configuration output
eio-file-description Files with eio file extension might be found as configuration output files from DesignBuilder software.

eip-file-extension
eip-file-description Capture One Enhanced Image Package file
eip-file-description An eip file extension is associated with the Enhanced Image Package file format used to store RAW picture and LCC data in one single file.

eis-file-extension
eis-file-description EIS Spectrum Analyser project
eis-file-description Files with eis file extension can be mostly found as projects from EIS Spectrum Analyser for Microsoft Windows.

eit-file-extension
eit-file-description E-Icons theme
eit-file-description An eit file extension is related to the E-Icons and used for its theme files.

eix-file-extension
eix-file-description Metin2 game data package file
eix-file-description Files with eix file extension are game resource archives for Metin2 MMORPG.

eiz-file-extension
eiz-file-description Electric Image file format
eiz-file-description Detailed description

ejs-file-extension
ejs-file-description Embedded JavaScript template
ejs-file-description Files with ejs file extension can be typically found as templates for Embedded JavaScript files used to clean the HTML out of JavaScript.

eka-file-extension
eka-file-description Eureka internal data
eka-file-description Files with eka file extension can be found as internal data files from old Borland Eureka software.

ekb-file-extension
ekb-file-description SIEMENS Automation License Manager data
ekb-file-description An ekb file extension is related to the Siemens License Manager data format.

ekm-file-extension
ekm-file-description EXP macro
ekm-file-description Files with ekm file extension might be found as macros from the EXP scientific word processor program.

ekr-file-extension
ekr-file-description EEGer data
ekr-file-description An ekr file extension is associated with the EEGer program. An ekr file contains data.

eks-file-extension
eks-file-description Metapraxis Empower data file
eks-file-description Files with eks extension are used by the Empower data software. They include some various data.

ekv-file-extension
ekv-file-description Left 4 Dead game data
ekv-file-description An ekv file extension is related to Left 4 Dead computer game. An ekv file contains game data.

ekx-file-extension
ekx-file-description 3DS Pokémon encrypted saved data
ekx-file-description An ekx file extension is related to the Pokémon video game for 3DS video gaming console.

el-file-extension
el-file-description Emacs Lisp programming language source code
el-file-description An el file extension is related to the Emacs Lisp programming language and used for its source code files.

el1-file-extension
el1-file-description Easy-PhotoPrint EX album
el1-file-description An el1 file extension is related to the Easy-PhotoPrint EX software from Canon and used for its album files.

el2-file-extension
el2-file-description Easy-PhotoPrint EX sticker
el2-file-description An el2 file extension is related to the Easy-PhotoPrint EX, a printing software distributed with Canon printers. An el2 file contains sticker.

el3-file-extension
el3-file-description Canon Easy-PhotoPrint EX data
el3-file-description An el3 file extension is related to the Canon Easy-PhotoPrint EX files.

el4-file-extension
el4-file-description Easy-PhotoPrint EX calendar data
el4-file-description An el4 file extension is related to the Easy-PhotoPrint EX app from Canon. An el4 file contains calendar data.

el5-file-extension
el5-file-description Easy-PhotoPrint EX layout
el5-file-description Files with el5 file extension are found on image layout files created by Easy-PhotoPrint EX software for CANON digital cameras and other devices.

el6-file-extension
el6-file-description Easy-PhotoPrint EX Photo Print file
el6-file-description Files with el6 extension can be found printing materials made in Easy-PhotoPrint Ex program by Canon.

el7-file-extension
el7-file-description Easy-PhotoPrint EX premium contents data
el7-file-description Files with el7 file extension can be found as disc label or covers created in Easy-PhotoPrint EX utility for CANON printers and scanners.

el8-file-extension
el8-file-description Easy-PhotoPrint EX disc label/cover data
el8-file-description Files with el8 extension can be found as disc label or covers created in Easy-PhotoPrint EX utility for CANON printers and scanners.

elastik-file-extension
elastik-file-description Elastik engine sound bank
elastik-file-description Files with elastik file extension can be usually found as audio banks from the to Elastik audio engine by Ueberschall GmbH.

elb-file-extension
elb-file-description Jane's WW2 Fighters audio data
elb-file-description An elb file extension is related to the Jane's WW2 Fighters flight simulator. An elb file contains audio data.

elc-file-extension
elc-file-description Compiled ELISP source code
elc-file-description An elc file extension is related to the Compiled ELISP source codes.

eld-file-extension
eld-file-description TradeStation EasyLanguage document
eld-file-description An eld file extension is related to the TradeStation EasyLanguage programming language. An eld file stores programming document.

ele-file-extension
ele-file-description ZEMAX Element Drawing settings
ele-file-description Files with ele file extension may be primarily found as saved element settings for ZEMAX optical designing suite.

elev-file-extension
elev-file-description WCS Elev data
elev-file-description An elev file extension is related to the Open Geospatial Consortium Web Coverage Service.

elf9-file-extension
elf9-file-description ESRI floating license
elf9-file-description Files with elf9 file extension can be found as floating license files from ESRI ArcGIS Desktop.

elfo-file-extension
elfo-file-description ElsterFormular form
elfo-file-description Files with elfo suffix can be typically found as form files from ElsterFormular.

elg-file-extension
elg-file-description Enable activity log
elg-file-description Files with elg extension are activity logs from Enable program by Energy Scitech.

eli-file-extension
eli-file-description DipTrace data
eli-file-description An eli file extension is associated with the DipTrace data format.

elist-file-extension
elist-file-description Emperor media player playlist
elist-file-description An elist file extension is related to the Emperor and used for its playlist files.

elk-file-extension
elk-file-description Altium Designer Linker error message
elk-file-description An elk file extension is related to the Altium Designer, a PCB designing tool. An elk file stores Linker error message.

ell-file-extension
ell-file-description ATI Radeon driver
ell-file-description Files with ell file extension can be found as part of ATI Radeon graphic card software.

elm-file-extension
elm-file-description Microsoft FrontPage theme pack
elm-file-description An elm file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage and used for its theme pack files.

eln-file-extension
eln-file-description Blackboard Collaborate note document
eln-file-description Files with eln file extension an be found as note documents for Blackboard Collaborate videoconferencing session.

elo-file-extension
elo-file-description ELO Rater data
elo-file-description Files with elo file suffix are used by ELO Rater software for Windows.

elp-file-extension
elp-file-description HotRecorder proprietary audio data
elp-file-description An elp file extension is related to the HotRecorder and used for its proprietary audio file format.

elpx-file-extension
elpx-file-description Elluminate Plan! plan
elpx-file-description An elpx file extension is related to the Elluminate Plan! and used for its plan files.

elr-file-extension
elr-file-description MDSS electronic laboratory report
elr-file-description An elr file extension is related to the MDSS electronic laboratory report files.

elt-file-extension
elt-file-description NEPLAN topology data
elt-file-description An elt file extension is related to the NEPLAN, a software tool for Microsoft Windows. An elt file contains topology data.

elu-file-extension
elu-file-description Quake 3 Arena model shell
elu-file-description An elu file extension is related to the Quake III Arena computer game. An elu file stores model shell.

elv-file-extension
elv-file-description Aces High map data
elv-file-description An elv file extension is related to the Aces High flight simulation computer game. An elv file contains map elevation data.

elx-file-extension
elx-file-description DesignPro Tools form file
elx-file-description Files with elx extension are used for DesignPro Tools editor and can be opened by this program. They store saved form data.

ely-file-extension
ely-file-description Elyse database
ely-file-description An ely file extension is associated with the Elyse, a file management system. An ely file stores database.

elz-file-extension
elz-file-description Crossword Power Tools crossword library
elz-file-description An elz file extension is related to the Crossword Power Tools and used for its crossword library files.

em-file-extension
em-file-description Adobe Encore menu template
em-file-description An em file extension is related to the Adobe Encore and used for its menu template files.

em%24-file-extension
em%24-file-description Cheyenne Bitware file
em%24-file-description Files with em$ extension are used by the Cheyenne Bitware fax and calling software.

em2-file-extension
em2-file-description Emax II sound bank
em2-file-description An em2 file extension is related to the Emax II program. An em2 file contains sound bank.

em4-file-extension
em4-file-description AEM Stinger Engine Management Computer data
em4-file-description An em4 file extension is related to the AEM Stinger Engine Management Computer. An em4 file stores customized ROM for EMC.

em8-file-extension
em8-file-description AEM 8860 Engine Management Computer data
em8-file-description An em8 file extension is related to the AEM 8860 an Engine Management Computer. An em8 file stores customized ROM.

em9-file-extension
em9-file-description AEM 8860 Engine Management Computer data
em9-file-description An em9 file extension is related to the AEM 8860, an engine management computer. An em9 file contains some kind of data.

ema-file-extension
ema-file-description EPLAN macro
ema-file-description Files with ema extension are in most cases macro files from EPLAN engineering software.

email-file-extension
email-file-description Outlook Express Email Message file
email-file-description An email file extension was associated with Microsoft Outlook Express mail client

emakefile-file-extension
emakefile-file-description Erlang makefile
emakefile-file-description Files with emakefile file extension an be found as make files in Erland programming language.

emakerfile-file-extension
emakerfile-file-description Erlang makefile
emakerfile-file-description Files with emakerfile file extension are one of the makefiles created using Erlang language.

emar-file-extension
emar-file-description Emissions Model ASCII record
emar-file-description Files with emar file extension are related to the Emissions Model ASCII Record format.

emat-file-extension
emat-file-description ANSYS element matrix data
emat-file-description Files with emat file extension can be mostly found as element matrix data files used in ANSYS products.

emb-file-extension
emb-file-description Embroidery design
emb-file-description Files with emb file extension may also be found as vendor independent embroidery designs from software platforms like Orchida or Wilcom.

embb-file-extension
embb-file-description Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor game data
embb-file-description Files with embb file extension are associated with the Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor, a video game from Monolith.

embl-file-extension
embl-file-description IEMBL Nucleotide format
embl-file-description An embl file extension is related to the European Nucleotide Archive format.

embp-file-extension
embp-file-description Mobipocket eBook encrypted auxiliary data
embp-file-description An embp file extension is associated with the Mobipocket eBook file format and used for its encrypted auxiliary files.

embr-file-extension
embr-file-description Emissions Model Binary Record
embr-file-description Files with embr file extension are related to the Emissions Model Binary Record format.

emc-file-extension
emc-file-description Striata Reader encrypted document
emc-file-description Files with emc extension can be mostly found as specially encoded documents for the Striata secured document publishing platform.

emcmf-file-extension
emcmf-file-description EMC e-mail message
emcmf-file-description An emcmf file extension is related to solutions developed by EMC and used for e-mail message files.

emcx-file-extension
emcx-file-description Mastercam X educational document
emcx-file-description Files with emcx file suffix are related to the Mastercam X educational document format.

emd-file-extension
emd-file-description Micrografx Media Manager data
emd-file-description An emd file extension were associated with the Micrografx Media Manager data format.

emd1-file-extension
emd1-file-description Apple GarageBand file
emd1-file-description Detailed description

emelody-file-extension
emelody-file-description EMelody Ericsson mobile ring tone
emelody-file-description An emelody file extension is related to the EMelody format used by some Ericsson mobile phones. Probably obsolete format.

emerald-file-extension
emerald-file-description Emerald Window Decorator theme
emerald-file-description An emerald file extension is related to the Emerald Window Decorator theme format.

emff-file-extension
emff-file-description XWE file
emff-file-description The emff file extension is related to the XWE data files.

emg-file-extension
emg-file-description LabVIEW EMGWorks DataPlugin
emg-file-description An emg file extension is related to the LabVIEW EMGWorks DataPlugin files.

emh-file-extension
emh-file-description NaviPac data
emh-file-description An emh file extension is related to the NaviPac software.

emi-file-extension
emi-file-description Pocket Tanks emitter file
emi-file-description Files with emi suffix can be generally found as data files for Pocket Tanks computer game from BlitWise Productions.

emix-file-extension
emix-file-description Apple Mail mailbox message
emix-file-description Files with emix file extension can be found as saved e-mail message mailboxes from Apple Mail, part of macOS (Mac OS X). Similar to EML format.

emk-file-extension
emk-file-description EMK Compress archive
emk-file-description An emk file extension is related to the EMK Compress archive format.

emlx-file-extension
emlx-file-description Apple Mail email message
emlx-file-description An emlx file extension is associated with the Apple Mail e-mail client. An emlx file stores saved e-mail messages in simple text file format.

emlxpart-file-extension
emlxpart-file-description Apple Mail attachment data
emlxpart-file-description An emlxpart file extension is related to the Apple Mail and used for its attachment data format.

emm-file-extension
emm-file-description MindMaple mind map document
emm-file-description Files with emm extension are often mind maps made and saved using MindMaple for Windows and Mac.

emmx-file-extension
emmx-file-description Edraw Mindmaster XML project
emmx-file-description Files with emmx extension can be usually found as XML projects from Edraw Mindmaster software.

emn-file-extension
emn-file-description Pro/ENGINEER ECAD IDF data
emn-file-description An emn file extension is related to the Pro/ENGINEER software. An emn file stores some kind of data used by Pro/ENGINEER.

emo-file-extension
emo-file-description Emoticon data
emo-file-description An emo file extension is related to the graphical emoticons.

emof-file-extension
emof-file-description Eclipse EMOF model
emof-file-description An emof file extension is related to the Eclipse, an integrated development tool. An emof file stores EMOF model.

emp-file-extension
emp-file-description Pro/ENGINEER import ECAD data
emp-file-description Files with emp extension are mostly known for its original use as import ECAD data files for Pro/ENGINEER 3D CAD/CAM/CAE solution for mechanical engineers.

emptybinaryregistry-file-extension
emptybinaryregistry-file-description Microsoft Office Client Virtualization Handler data
emptybinaryregistry-file-description An emptybinaryregistry file is related to the Microsoft Office Client Virtualization Handler.

emr-file-extension
emr-file-description Emrite data
emr-file-description Files with emr file extension might be found as old files from Emrite program. Old and no longer used.

ems-file-extension
ems-file-description eMachineShop CAD design file
ems-file-description Files with the ems extension can be found as CAD designs created and saved in the eMachineShop software.

emsg-file-extension
emsg-file-description SendSafe e-message
emsg-file-description An emsg file extension is related to the SendSafe and used for its e-message files.

emt-file-extension
emt-file-description EverQuest game data
emt-file-description An emt file extension is related to the EverQuest, a 3D RPG video game. An emt file cotnains game data.

emu-sl-file-extension
emu-sl-file-description E-MU sound library file
emu-sl-file-description Detailed description

emulecollection-file-extension
emulecollection-file-description eMule collection data file
emulecollection-file-description Files with emulecollection suffix can be typically found as some kind of data files for eMule program.

emv-file-extension
emv-file-description LabVIEW configuration
emv-file-description An emv file extension is related to LabVIEW development environment for Windows, Mac and Linux. An emv file contains configuration.

emw-file-extension
emw-file-description Resident Evil model file
emw-file-description Files with emw extension are known as a game files used by the Resident Evil computer game.

emx-file-extension
emx-file-description MS-DOS extender data
emx-file-description An emx file extension is related to Microsoft DOS (MS-DOS) operating system for IBM PC. An emx file stores extender data.

emy-file-extension
emy-file-description EMelody Ericsson mobile ring tone
emy-file-description Files with emy extension are associated with EMelody format and they can be played by Awave Studio program.

en-file-extension
en-file-description English language localization file
en-file-description An en file extension is related to the English language localization files.

en%24-file-extension
en%24-file-description Steinberg Cubase compressed data
en%24-file-description An en$ file extension is related to the Cubase and used for its compressed data.

en2-file-extension
en2-file-description Articulate Engage compressed data
en2-file-description An en2 file extension is related to the Articulate Engage program. An en2 file stores compressed data.

enb-file-extension
enb-file-description Evernote 2.x database
enb-file-description Files with enb file extension can be found mainly as older databases from Evernote version 2.x and perhaps even older.

enby-file-extension
enby-file-description Envoy file
enby-file-description Detailed description

enc-file-extension
enc-file-description Encore musical notation file format
enc-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe ENC file extension!

enc1-file-extension
enc1-file-description Kaspersky Anti-Virus log
enc1-file-description Files with enc1 extension are mainly related to the Kaspersky Anti-Virus anti-virus software for Windows.

enc2-file-extension
enc2-file-description Samsung Galaxy encrypted firmware update
enc2-file-description Files with enc2 extension can be found as firmware updates for Samsung Galaxy smart devices with Google Android system.

enc4-file-extension
enc4-file-description Samsung Galaxy encrypted firmware update
enc4-file-description Files with enc4 extension are mainly related to the Samsung Galaxy smart devices with Google Android system and used for firmware updates.

enciphered-file-extension
enciphered-file-description Malware (ransomware) encoded data
enciphered-file-description Files with EnCiPhErEd extension are files encrypted using ransomware malware (cryptovirus). This program makes "fun" and encrypts your files with a password.

encm-file-extension
encm-file-description Panasonic encrypted video
encm-file-description Files with encm file extension are related to the Panasonic encrypted video format.

encr-file-extension
encr-file-description Texas Instruments flash RAW data
encr-file-description Files with encr file extension might be found as system files in some of the Texas Instruments devices.

encrypt-file-extension
encrypt-file-description Alpha ransomware affected data
encrypt-file-description Files with encrypt file extension may be typically found as files encrypted by the Alpha ransomware that demands iTunes Gift Cards as ransom for decryption.

encrypted-file-extension
encrypted-file-description Various ransomware affected file
encrypted-file-description Files with encrypted suffix can be commonly encountered as files that have been encrypted and renamed with one of the many known ransomware types.

end-file-extension
end-file-description CorelDRAW arrow-head definition data
end-file-description An end file extension is related to CorelDRAW and used for its arrow-head definition files.

ene-file-extension
ene-file-description GROningen MAchine for Chemical Simulations binary energy data
ene-file-description An ene file extension is related to the GROningen MAchine for Chemical Simulations software. An ene file stores binary energy data.

enews-file-extension
enews-file-description Mobipocket Reader data
enews-file-description An enews file extension is related to the Mobipocket Reader software.

enex-file-extension
enex-file-description Evernote exported XML data
enex-file-description Files with enex extension can be be quite often found as exported XML data files from Evernote.

enf-file-extension
enf-file-description Musitek SmartScore Extended Notation Format
enf-file-description An enf file extension is related to the Musitek SmartScore Extended Notation Format used to store music notation.

enff-file-extension
enff-file-description Extended Neutral File Format file
enff-file-description Files with ENFF extension can be found as data files in Extended Neutral File Format.

enfpack-file-extension
enfpack-file-description Enfocus pack
enfpack-file-description An enfpack file extension is associated with the PitStop Professional from Enfocus NV.

engd-file-extension
engd-file-description ANSYS data
engd-file-description An engd file extension is related to applications developed by ANSYS.

enh-file-extension
enh-file-description CRiSP Harvest data
enh-file-description An enh file extension is related to the CRiSP Harvest, a salmon harvest modeling software.

enigma-file-extension
enigma-file-description Coverton ransomware affected data
enigma-file-description Files with enigma file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed files affected by a variant of Coverton ransomware.

enigma64-file-extension
enigma64-file-description Enigma Protector data
enigma64-file-description An enigma64 file extension is associated with the Enigma Protector for Microsoft Windows. An enigma64 file contains data.

enk-file-extension
enk-file-description Sybase Enterprise Portal security key
enk-file-description An enk file extension is related to the Sybase Enterprise Portal and used for its security key files.

enl-file-extension
enl-file-description EndNote library
enl-file-description An enl file extension is related to the Endnote a bibliographic and reference management software for Mac. An enl file contains library.

enlic-file-extension
enlic-file-description Enounce license data
enlic-file-description Files with enlic file extension are related to the Enounce MySpeed software.

enlx-file-extension
enlx-file-description EndNote archived library
enlx-file-description An enlx file extension is related to the Thomson Reuters EndNote and used for its archived library files.

enm-file-extension
enm-file-description eNewsletter Manager message
enm-file-description An enm file extension is associated with the eNewsletter Manager, a complete newsletter management software.

enml-file-extension
enml-file-description Evernote for Google Android note
enml-file-description An enml file extension is related to the Evernote, a time management software. An enml file stores note created by Evernote for Android.

eno-file-extension
eno-file-description FruitfulTime TaskManager encrypted note
eno-file-description An eno file extension is related to the FruitfulTime TaskManager and used for its encrypted note files.

enovwebdoc-file-extension
enovwebdoc-file-description SolidWorks data
enovwebdoc-file-description An enovwebdoc file extension is associated with the SolidWorks a CAD/CAM software. An enovwebdoc file stores data.

enp-file-extension
enp-file-description Thomson Reuters EndNote preference
enp-file-description An enp file extension is related to the Thomson Reuters EndNote and used for its preference files.

enpack-file-extension
enpack-file-description EnCase package
enpack-file-description The enpack file extension is related to the EnCase and used for its package files.

enq-file-extension
enq-file-description EndNote saved search
enq-file-description An enq file extension is related to the EndNote software developed by Thomson Reuters. An enq file contains saved search.

enref-file-extension
enref-file-description EverNote Food data
enref-file-description Files with enref extension can be usually found as part of EverNote Food program.

ens-file-extension
ens-file-description EndNote style data
ens-file-description An ens file extension is related to the EndNote and used for its style data.

ens10-file-extension
ens10-file-description Unknown file
ens10-file-description Detailed description

ent-file-extension
ent-file-description SGML entity, character mapping data file
ent-file-description Files with ent file extension can mainly be found as SGML entities written in HTML adn XML codes.

enth-file-extension
enth-file-description XWE data
enth-file-description An enth file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

entitlements-file-extension
entitlements-file-description Apple Mac OS X sandbox file
entitlements-file-description Files with entitlements extension are use by the Mac OS X operating system. They contain some settings data.

enu-file-extension
enu-file-description ATI Radeon video software data
enu-file-description An emu file suffix is associated with the ATI Radeon video software.

env-file-extension
env-file-description Adobe Acrobat dictionary
env-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe ENV file extension!

enw-file-extension
enw-file-description EndNote citation file
enw-file-description Files with enw file extension can be most commonly encountered as saved citations for EndNote reference management software.

enx-file-extension
enx-file-description eNeighborhoods document
enx-file-description An enx file extension is related to the eNeighborhoods document format.

enyd-file-extension
enyd-file-description Envoy document file
enyd-file-description Detailed description

enyk-file-extension
enyk-file-description Settings data
enyk-file-description Files with enyk extension seems to be found in relation to some Hungarian software for Linux operating system. No further information could be found.

enz-file-extension
enz-file-description Thomson Reuters EndNote connection data
enz-file-description An enz file stores connection data used by Thomson Reuters EndNote software.

enzip-file-extension
enzip-file-description EGT compressed folder
enzip-file-description The enzip file extension is related to the EGT compressed folder, seems to be obsolete product.

en_-file-extension
en_-file-description Unknown file extension
en_-file-description Files with en_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

eo1-file-extension
eo1-file-description Mobile Phone Examiner data
eo1-file-description An eo1 file extension is related to the Mobile Phone Examiner Plus and used for its data files.

eob-file-extension
eob-file-description IBM FileNet Content Engine data
eob-file-description Files with eob file extension are related to the IBM FileNet Content Engine files.

eobj-file-extension
eobj-file-description Geoworks object code file
eobj-file-description Detailed description

eoc-file-extension
eoc-file-description EncryptOnClick encrypted data
eoc-file-description Files with eoc file extension are encrypted archives created using EncryptOnClick utility.

eof-file-extension
eof-file-description Embird Outline Format
eof-file-description An eof file extension is related to the Embird Outline Format developed by BALARAD, s.r.o.

eoff-file-extension
eoff-file-description exocad library
eoff-file-description Files with eoff extension are mainly related to the Exocad and used for its default library files.

eoi-file-extension
eoi-file-description Enfocus output intent template
eoi-file-description An eoi file extension is related to the Enfocus output intent template format.

eol-file-extension
eol-file-description Digital Winds audio
eol-file-description Files with eol file extension are associated with the Digital Winds audio format.

eon-file-extension
eon-file-description EON Studio data
eon-file-description Files with eon file extension can be found as part of EON Studio interactive 3D applications  development software.

eoo-file-extension
eoo-file-description ArcInfo workstation export data
eoo-file-description Files with eoo file extension might be found as workstation exports from ArcInfo / ArcGIS for desktops.

eop-file-extension
eop-file-description EON Studio data
eop-file-description An eop file extension is related to the EON Studio a 3D modeling tool.

eosat-file-extension
eosat-file-description LANDSAT/EOSAT Satellite picture data image format
eosat-file-description An eosat file extension is related to the LANDSAT/EOSAT Satellite picture data image format.

eox-file-extension
eox-file-description EON Studio project
eox-file-description An eox file extension is related to the EON Studio, a 3D authoring program. An eox file contains project.

eoz-file-extension
eoz-file-description EON Studio data
eoz-file-description Files with eoz file extension can be mainly found as files from EON Studio 3D authoring software.

ep-file-extension
ep-file-description Pencil Project document
ep-file-description An ep file extension is associated with the Pencil, a prototyping and sketching tools. An ep file stores sketch document.

ep2-file-extension
ep2-file-description EclipsePackager package
ep2-file-description An ep2 file extension is related to EclipsePackager and used for its package files.

epa-file-extension
epa-file-description Electronic Payment Advice format
epa-file-description Files with epa file extension are nowadays mostly accounting data in Electronic Payment Advice format.

epb-file-extension
epb-file-description EP Budgeting data
epb-file-description An epb file extension is related to the EP Budgeting budgeting and cost estimation software.

epc-file-extension
epc-file-description Doctor Who game data
epc-file-description An epc file extension is related to the Doctor Who computer game. An epc file stores game data.

epd-file-extension
epd-file-description ChessDB Extended Position Description file
epd-file-description Files with epd suffix can be mainly found as part of the free ChessDB chess database. Used to store chess position descriptions in a database.

epdf-file-extension
epdf-file-description Encapsulated Portable Document Format
epdf-file-description An epdf file extension is related to the Encapsulated Portable Document Format.

epf-file-extension
epf-file-description EPSF Encapsulated Postscript image
epf-file-description Files with epf extension are mainly saved in EPSF Encapsulated Postscript graphic image file format. Contains. PostScript graphics that can be incorporated into other documents.

epg-file-extension
epg-file-description DynaVox exported PaGe data
epg-file-description An epg file extension is related to the DynaVox exported PaGe file format.

eph-file-extension
eph-file-description GPS Pathfinder Office Ephemeris file
eph-file-description Files with eph extension are used for GPS Pathfinder. They include each exact location and health of GPS satellites information.

ephtml-file-extension
ephtml-file-description Enhanced Perl-parsed HTML file
ephtml-file-description Files with EPHTML extension can be found as source codes in Enhanced Perl-parsed HTML.

epi-file-extension
epi-file-description Express Publisher encapsulated postscript
epi-file-description An epi file extension is related to the Express Publisher encapsulated postscript format.

epibrw-file-extension
epibrw-file-description Web file location
epibrw-file-description An epibrw file extension is related to the Microsoft IIS Server and used for its file locations.

epim-file-extension
epim-file-description EssentialPIM data
epim-file-description Files with epim file extension can be found as part of EssentialPIM personal information manager.

epj-file-extension
epj-file-description EDIUS Pro project
epj-file-description Files with epj suffix can be found as video projects from EDIUS real-time video editing tool.

epk-file-extension
epk-file-description LG firmware archive
epk-file-description Files with epk file extension can be most notably found as firmware update files for LG Smart TVs.

epl-file-extension
epl-file-description Tallyman E-commerce Software file
epl-file-description Files with epl suffix are in most cases file from old and no longer sold e-commerce software called Tallyman.

epm-file-extension
epm-file-description Destiny MPE Encoder encrypted portable media
epm-file-description An epm file extension is related to the Destiny MPE Encoder encrypted portable media file format.

epme-file-extension
epme-file-description Renamed HJSplit split WinRAR archive file
epme-file-description Detailed description

epo-file-extension
epo-file-description Google Android GPS extended prediction orbit data
epo-file-description Files with epo file extension are related to the Google Android GPS extended prediction orbit data format.

epp-file-extension
epp-file-description EditPad Pro project
epp-file-description Files with epp extension can be mostly found as projects created and saving using the EditPad text editor.

epr-file-extension
epr-file-description Actuate external procedure object
epr-file-description An epr file extension is related to the Actuate external procedure object file format.

eprj-file-extension
eprj-file-description Pg4uw project
eprj-file-description Files with eprj file extension can be found as project files from Pg4uw program for ELNEC programming.

eprt-file-extension
eprt-file-description SolidWorks eDrawing part file
eprt-file-description Files with eprt file extension can be found as non-editable version of mechanical part drawing made using the in SolidWorks eDrawings.

eprtx-file-extension
eprtx-file-description Microsoft XPS document related data
eprtx-file-description An eprtx file extension is used for Microsoft XPS document related files, that are part of a XPS document archive.

eps2-file-extension
eps2-file-description Adobe level II encapsulated PostScript document
eps2-file-description An eps2 file extension is related to the Adobe level II encapsulated PostScript file format.

eps3-file-extension
eps3-file-description Encapsulated PostScript level 3 graphics data
eps3-file-description An eps3 file extension is related to the Encapsulated PostScript level 3 graphics file format.

epsf-file-extension
epsf-file-description Encapsulated PostScript file
epsf-file-description Encapsulated PostScript (EPSF file extension) graphic files are associated with PostScript language, they can either be binary or ASCII.

epsi-file-extension
epsi-file-description Adobe Encapsulated PostScript interchange format
epsi-file-description Files with epsi extension are mostly used by Adobe Creative Suite applications. They contain bit mapped representations of the graphics for display purposes.

epson-file-extension
epson-file-description Epson printer graphics
epson-file-description An .epson file extension is related to the graphics format developed by Epson.

epsp-file-extension
epsp-file-description Adobe Encapsulated PostScript
epsp-file-description An epsp file extension is related to the Adobe Encapsulated PostScript graphics file format.

ept-file-extension
ept-file-description Adobe Encapsulated PostScript Interchange format with TIFF preview
ept-file-description Files with ept file extension can be found as special encapsulated postscript files with TIFF preview embedded.

epw-file-extension
epw-file-description EnergyPlus weather data
epw-file-description An epw file extension is related to the EnergyPlus software. An epw file contains weather data.

epx-file-extension
epx-file-description Piranesi 3D model
epx-file-description An epx file extension is related to the Piranesi 3D model file format.

eqa-file-extension
eqa-file-description WinISI equation data
eqa-file-description Files with eqa file suffix are related to the WinISI equation data format.

eqb-file-extension
eqb-file-description eSignal quote board data
eqb-file-description An eqb file extension is related to the eSignal trading software. An eqb file stores quote board data.

eqbak-file-extension
eqbak-file-description EQATEC Profiler data
eqbak-file-description An eqbak file extension is related to the EQATEC Profiler files.

eqconfig-file-extension
eqconfig-file-description EQATEC Profiler configuration
eqconfig-file-description The eqconfig file extension is related to the EQATEC Profiler configuration data.

eqd-file-extension
eqd-file-description EquineMax data
eqd-file-description Files with eqd file extension can be found as part of EquineMax equine management program.

eqf-file-extension
eqf-file-description Winamp equalizer settings
eqf-file-description Files with eqf extension can be found as equalizer settings for Winamp multimedia player.

eqg-file-extension
eqg-file-description EverQuest game data
eqg-file-description An eqg file extension is related to the EverQuest video game and used for its game data.

eql-file-extension
eql-file-description MathType settings
eql-file-description An eql file extension is associated with the MathType and used for its settings files.

eqlog-file-extension
eqlog-file-description EQATEC Profiler data
eqlog-file-description An eqlog file extension is related to the EQATEC Profiler software for Windows.

eqn-file-extension
eqn-file-description Corel WordPerfect equation data
eqn-file-description Files with eqn file extension are related to Corel WordPerfect program. They include saved equations by the program.

eqp-file-extension
eqp-file-description BPM Studio equalizer presets
eqp-file-description An eqp file extension is related to the BPM Studio and used for its preset files.

eqt-file-extension
eqt-file-description ReliaSoft Weibull++ data
eqt-file-description An eqt file extension is related to the ReliaSoft Weibull++ program. An eqt file stores data.

equ-file-extension
equ-file-description AstroDigital.Net equipment data
equ-file-description An equ file extension is associated with the AstroDigital.Net software. An equ file contains equipment data.

equiv-file-extension
equiv-file-description IBM AIX host file
equiv-file-description An equiv file extension is related to the IBM AIX, a Unix based operating system, developed by IBM. An equiv file stores settings for hosts and user accounts.

eqx-file-extension
eqx-file-description eQuinoX project
eqx-file-description An eqx file extension is related to the eQuinoX animation and video tools. An .eqx file stores project.

er1-file-extension
er1-file-description AllFusion ERWin data
er1-file-description An er1 file extension is mainly related to CA ERwin Data Modeler data modeling utility. These er1 files store program data resources.

eragesoundset-file-extension
eragesoundset-file-description Microsoft Entourage sound file
eragesoundset-file-description Files with eragesoundset extension are used by the Microsoft Entourage program.

erb-file-extension
erb-file-description Evil Genius resource data
erb-file-description Files with erb file suffix are related to the Evil Genius resource data.

erbsql-file-extension
erbsql-file-description Ruby SQL data
erbsql-file-description An erbsql file extension is related to the Ruby programming language and used for SQL files.

erc-file-extension
erc-file-description Ercato Engine file
erc-file-description Files with erc extension are used by Ercato framework. They include various data used for internal purposes.

erd-file-extension
erd-file-description PROSA entity relationship diagram
erd-file-description Files with erd file extension can be most often encountered as relationship diagram prepared using the PROSA UML modeling software.

ere-file-extension
ere-file-description EagleEyeOS report
ere-file-description An ere file extension is related to the EagleEyeOS data protection suite and used for its report files.

erf-file-extension
erf-file-description Epson camera RAW file
erf-file-description The erf file extension is related to the Epson digital cameras. The erf file stores RAW image.

erg-file-extension
erg-file-description Arranger audio file
erg-file-description Files with erg extension are used by the Arranger audio software. They include some audio data.

ergo-file-extension
ergo-file-description ERGO format
ergo-file-description Files with ergo file extension can be perhaps found as belief network diagrams saved in ERGO format.

eri-file-extension
eri-file-description AllFusion ERwin data
eri-file-description Files with eri file extension might be mostly found as data files from CA ERwin software.

erik-file-extension
erik-file-description Xmap data
erik-file-description An arik file extension is associated with the Xmap, a GIS program. An erik file stores data.

erl-file-extension
erl-file-description nProtect GameGuard log
erl-file-description An erl file extension is related to the nProtect GameGuard and used for its log files.

erm-file-extension
erm-file-description Prosa Entity Relationship diagram model
erm-file-description Files with erm suffix can be most often found as relationship diagram models from PROSA UML software.

ero-file-extension
ero-file-description eLibrary Reader object
ero-file-description Files with ero file extension might be found as objects from eLibrary Reader software platform.

erp-file-extension
erp-file-description Alter Ego game data
erp-file-description Files with erp file extension are used for AlterEgo computer game and they include resource archives data.

err-file-extension
err-file-description Error log
err-file-description Files with err extension can be often encounter as various error files that store error messages or logs in simple text file format.

ers-file-extension
ers-file-description Altium Designer Assembler error message
ers-file-description An ers file extension is related to the Altium Designer, a software for designing printed circuit boards. An ers file contains error message.

ersx-file-extension
ersx-file-description Eraser data
ersx-file-description An ersx file extension is related to the Eraser software tool for Microsoft Windows.

ersy-file-extension
ersy-file-description Eraser project
ersy-file-description Files with ersy file extension are related to the Eraser. An ersy file contains project.

ert-file-extension
ert-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic 3 script
ert-file-description An ert file extension is related to the Heroes of Might and Magic 3 and used for its script files.

erubis-file-extension
erubis-file-description Erubis script
erubis-file-description Files with erubis file extension are typically scripts in Erubis eRuby implementation.

erv-file-extension
erv-file-description ER Mapper ASCII header data
erv-file-description An erv file extension is related to the ER Mapper and used for its ASCII header data.

erwin-file-extension
erwin-file-description ERwin Data Modeler model
erwin-file-description Files with erwin file extension is related to the ERwin, a data modeling software. An erwin file contains model.

erwin_tmpl-file-extension
erwin_tmpl-file-description CA ERwin template
erwin_tmpl-file-description Files with erwin_tmpl file extension can be found as templates for the Erwin data modeling and analysis tool by CA.

erx-file-extension
erx-file-description ER Data model
erx-file-description Files with erx extension are s related to the ER Data model file format created by Reverse Engineering tool.

er_-file-extension
er_-file-description Microsoft Windows WinHelp compressed data
er_-file-description An er_ file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows WinHelp compressed data format.

es-file-extension
es-file-description ECHOSPEECH data
es-file-description An es file extension is related to ECOSPEECH voice encoder and used for its data files.

es2-file-extension
es2-file-description E-Prime E-Studio experiment data
es2-file-description An es2 file extension is related to the E-Prime E-Studio software. An es2 file stores experiment data format.

es3-file-extension
es3-file-description Canon VIXIA HG21 high resolution exported movie
es3-file-description Files with es3 file extension can be found as high resolution videos recorded with Canon VIXIA family of camcorders.

es6-file-extension
es6-file-description JavaScript source code
es6-file-description An es6 file extension is related to the JavaScript programming language. An es6 file contains source code.

esav-file-extension
esav-file-description ANSYS element saved data
esav-file-description Files with esav file extension are related to the ANSYS Workbench. An esav file stores element saved data.

esb-file-extension
esb-file-description es-Builder database
esb-file-description An esb file extension is related to the es-Builder a database builder. An esb file stores es-Builder database.

esc-file-extension
esc-file-description PRTWin data
esc-file-description An esc file extension is related to the PRTWin, a printing software for Windows that allows DOS apps to print in Microsoft Windows.

escaperosecliffislandsavedgame-file-extension
escaperosecliffislandsavedgame-file-description Escape Rose Cliff Island saved game
escaperosecliffislandsavedgame-file-description An escaperosecliffislandsavedgame file extension is associated with the Escape Rose Cliff Island video game.

esco-file-extension
esco-file-description Nokia Lumia Windows Phone 7 firmware
esco-file-description An esco file extension is related to Lumia series of smart phones with Windows Phone 7 operating system developed by Nokia and now developed by Microsoft. An esco file stores package with Windows Phone update.

escopy-file-extension
escopy-file-description ES File Explorer temporary data
escopy-file-description An escopy file extension is related to the ES File Explorer. An escopy file stores temporary data.

esd-file-extension
esd-file-description Microsoft Windows electronic software download
esd-file-description An esd file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Electronic Software Download encrypted application files.

ese-file-extension
ese-file-description Millions Email Generator syntax settings
ese-file-description An ese file extension is used for Millions Email Generator by Encrypt4all Software. It is used to generate email addresses.

ese2-file-extension
ese2-file-description Edius seek information
ese2-file-description Files with ese2 extension can be usually found as seek information files from Edius video editing software.

eseq-file-extension
eseq-file-description Yamaha E-SEQ data
eseq-file-description An eseq file extension is related to the Yamaha E-SEQ file format.

eset-file-extension
eset-file-description Extensions Manager settings file
eset-file-description Files with eset extension are used by Extension manager. They contain some settings data.

esf-file-extension
esf-file-description Total War campaign settings
esf-file-description Files with esf extension can also be found as campaign settings for Total War strategy games.

esg-file-extension
esg-file-description Pangea Enigmo saved game
esg-file-description An esg file extension is related to the Pangea Enigmo and used for its saved game files.

esi-file-extension
esi-file-description ESRI plot data
esi-file-description A file suffix esi is related to the ESRI programs and used for their plot data.

esk-file-extension
esk-file-description eSignal scan
esk-file-description An esk file extension is related to the eSignal, a trading platform for Microsoft Windows. An esk file contains scan.

eskin-file-extension
eskin-file-description Emperor theme skin
eskin-file-description Detailed description

esl-file-extension
esl-file-description Visual FoxPro distributable support library
esl-file-description An esl file extension is associated with the Visual FoxPro program. An esl file stores distributable support library.

eslock-file-extension
eslock-file-description ES File Explorer encrypted data file
eslock-file-description An eslock file extension is related to the ES File Explorer a file manager for Google Android operating system. An eslock file stores password protected data encrypted by ES File Explorer.

esm-file-extension
esm-file-description Bethesda Softworks settings
esm-file-description Files with esm file extension can commonly be found in games from Bethesda, such as The Elder Scrolls or Fallout series. These are settings files for various functions in the games.

esn-file-extension
esn-file-description Microsoft Windows XP System32 cache
esn-file-description An esn file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows XP operating system. An esn file contains some kind of cache.

eso-file-extension
eso-file-description DesignBuilder EnergyPlus output data
eso-file-description Files with eso file extension can be found as output files from DesignBuilder program.

esobi-file-extension
esobi-file-description newsXpresso data
esobi-file-description An esobi file extension is related to the newsXpresso application for Windows from eSobi.

esp-file-extension
esp-file-description Eclipse screensaver project
esp-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe ESP file extension!

espf-file-extension
espf-file-description Encapsulated PostScript
espf-file-description An espf file extension is associated with the Encapsulated PostScript file format developed by Adobe.

esproj-file-extension
esproj-file-description MacRabbit Espresso project file
esproj-file-description The ESPROJ file extension is related to the Espresso developed by MacRabbit. The *.esproj stores project.

esps-file-extension
esps-file-description ESPS audio file
esps-file-description Detailed description

esql-file-extension
esql-file-description IBM Integration Bus module
esql-file-description Files with esql file extension are related to the IBM Integration Bus modules.

esr-file-extension
esr-file-description 4D database external data
esr-file-description An esr file extension is related to the 4D, a relational database management system. An esr file stores external data.

ess-file-extension
ess-file-description EXP style sheet
ess-file-description Files with ess file extension might be found as style sheets from EXP scientific word processor.

est-file-extension
est-file-description Microsoft Streets & Trips trip
est-file-description Files with est extension can be mainly found as trip files from Microsoft Streets & Trips.

esu-file-extension
esu-file-description LokSound Electronic Sound File
esu-file-description Files with esu extension are used for the LokSound decoders.

esv-file-extension
esv-file-description Principia stock research document
esv-file-description An esv file extension is related to the Principia software. An esv file contains stock research data.

esw-file-extension
esw-file-description Turbo Smetchik data
esw-file-description Files with esw file extension are related to the Turbo Smetchik software for Microsoft Windows.

esx-file-extension
esx-file-description Escape game level file
esx-file-description Files with esx suffix can be found as part of the Escape puzzle solving computer game. Game Level file.

es_-file-extension
es_-file-description Unknown file extension
es_-file-description Files with es_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

et-file-extension
et-file-description Kingsoft Spreadsheets document
et-file-description Files with et file extension can be mostly found as spreadsheet documents for the Kingsoft Spreadsheet program from Kingsoft Office.

et3-file-extension
et3-file-description e-Szigno recorded delivery data
et3-file-description Files with et3 file extension can be found as recorded delivery data files from Hungarian e-Szigno program.

eta-file-extension
eta-file-description Keyhole EarthViewer placemark or overlay data
eta-file-description An eta file extension is related to the Google Earth and used for its placemark and overlay files.

etb2-file-extension
etb2-file-description Timbuktu Pro resource data
etb2-file-description An etb2 file extension is related to the Timbuktu Pro program. An etb2 file stores resource data.

etc-file-extension
etc-file-description EarthTime data
etc-file-description Files with etc file extension can be usually found as data files from EarthTime utility that shows local time in any place of the world.

etd-file-extension
etd-file-description Acrobat eBook Reader EBX transfer data
etd-file-description An etd file suffix is related to the Acrobat eBook Reader EBX transfer data format.

ete-file-extension
ete-file-description Exam Testing Engine test
ete-file-description Files with ete extension can be mostly found as special tests generated using the Exam Testing Engine (ETE).

etex-file-extension
etex-file-description eTutor questions file
etex-file-description Files with etex extension are associated with eTutor software.

etf-file-extension
etf-file-description Enriched Text Format e-mail message
etf-file-description Files with etf file extension can be found as old e-mail messages in Enriched Text format. It was used before HTML replaced it as main format for electronic communication.

etff-file-extension
etff-file-description Encrypt4all theme
etff-file-description An etff file extension is related to the Encrypt4all, a tool for Microsoft Windows. An etff file stores theme file.

eth-file-extension
eth-file-description Ethnograph document
eth-file-description An eth file extension is related to the Ethnograph and used for its document files.

eti-file-extension
eti-file-description ETI (Ensemble Transport Interface) stream
eti-file-description Files with eti extension may be most often found as video files in ETI (Ensemble Transport Interface) stream file format.

etk-file-extension
etk-file-description Orgadata LogiKal data
etk-file-description An etk file extension is related to the LogiKal, a CAD software for Windows. An etk file contains data.

etl-file-extension
etl-file-description Microsoft Windows trace log
etl-file-description Files with etl file extension can be usually found as system log files generated by the Microsoft Windows Trace Log utility.

etm-file-extension
etm-file-description eTreppid audio file
etm-file-description Files with etm extension were used as audio file format.

etng-file-extension
etng-file-description RM Easiteach Next Generation document
etng-file-description Files with etng file extension can be found as documents from RM Easiteach Next Generation program.

etnt-file-extension
etnt-file-description RM Easiteach Next Generation template file
etnt-file-description Files with etnt extension are used for RM Easiteach Next Generation interactive education program for Windows and Mac. They include templates for this program.

eto-file-extension
eto-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio policy cache
eto-file-description An eto file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its policy cache files.

etp-file-extension
etp-file-description Visual Studio .NET data
etp-file-description An etp file extension is related to the Visual Studio and used for its data files.

etq-file-extension
etq-file-description eSignal time and quotes file
etq-file-description Files with etq extension are used for eSignal. They include data.

etrg-file-extension
etrg-file-description Warez movie
etrg-file-description Files with etrg file extension are usually movies downloaded from P2P networks (torrents). ETRG is not actually extension, but part of the file name to label the group.

ets-file-extension
ets-file-description eSignal time and sales data
ets-file-description Files with ets extension are mostly data files that contain time & sales data from eSignal trading platform.

ett-file-extension
ett-file-description Kingsoft Spreadsheets template
ett-file-description Files with ett file extension can be found as spreadsheet templates for the Kingsoft Spreadsheet program from Kingsoft Office.

etv-file-extension
etv-file-description eTreppid audio data
etv-file-description An etv file extension is associated with the eTreppid audio file format.

etw-file-extension
etw-file-description MagicSing audio file
etw-file-description Files with etw extension are used by MagicSink karaoke program. They include recorded audio data.

etx-file-extension
etx-file-description Setext Structure Enhanced text
etx-file-description An etx file extension is related to the Setext Structure Enhanced markup language.

etxt-file-extension
etxt-file-description Encrypted text
etxt-file-description Files with etxt file extension might be found as encrypted text files made in old Secure Notepad software by exLibertine.

etz-file-extension
etz-file-description RAM Elements model file
etz-file-description Files with etz extension are associated with RAM Elements programs, developed by Bentley Systems.

eu-file-extension
eu-file-description Euphoria include data
eu-file-description An eu file extension is associated with the Euphoria a programming language. An eu file stores include data.

eu4-file-extension
eu4-file-description Europa Universalis IV saved game
eu4-file-description Files with eu4 file extension can be typically found as saved game positions from Europa Universalis IV grand strategy game from Paradox.

euc-file-extension
euc-file-description UNIX japanese text (Kanji)
euc-file-description An euc file extension is related to the UNIX japanese text (Kanji) format.

euf-file-extension
euf-file-description Microsoft Windows Private Character Editor font
euf-file-description An euf file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows Private Character Editor and used for its font files.

euhl-file-extension
euhl-file-description Eudora for Mac Help file
euhl-file-description Detailed description

eui-file-extension
eui-file-description Ensoniq ESP family compacted disk image
eui-file-description An eui file extension is associated with the Ensoniq ESP family compacted disk image format. Probably obsolete format.

eum-file-extension
eum-file-description WaveRider Enterprise User Monitor configuration data
eum-file-description An eum file extension is related to the WaveRider Enterprise User Monitor. An eum file contains configuration data.

euph-file-extension
euph-file-description Nokia data
euph-file-description An euph file extension is related to the Nokia mobile phones.

eur-file-extension
eur-file-description Monster Hunter Freedom Unite EU region saved game
eur-file-description An eur file extension is related to the Monster Hunter Freedom Unite video game. An eur file contains saved game position.

ev-file-extension
ev-file-description Echoview file
ev-file-description Files with ev extension are used by Echoview as a default output file format.

ev1-file-extension
ev1-file-description Calendar Commander version 1 event
ev1-file-description An ev1 file extension is related to the Calendar Commander a calendar printing software. An ev1 file stores event data.

ev2-file-extension
ev2-file-description Emblaze Video Format
ev2-file-description An ev2 file extension is related to the Emblaze Video Format.

ev3-file-extension
ev3-file-description HY-TEK Sports Team Manager meet event file
ev3-file-description Files with ev3 extension can be mainly found as saved schedules from HY-TEK programs.

ev3p-file-extension
ev3p-file-description LEGO MINDSTORMS program
ev3p-file-description An ev3p file extension is related to the LEGO MINDSTORMS and used for its program files.

ev3s-file-extension
ev3s-file-description LEGO MINDSTORMS shared data
ev3s-file-description An ev3s file extension is related to the LEGO MINDSTORMS shared files.

eva-file-extension
eva-file-description MSX video
eva-file-description An eva file extension is related to the MSX video file format.

evc-file-extension
evc-file-description Earthview data
evc-file-description An evc file extension is related to the Earthview program, developed by DeskSoft.

evcd-file-extension
evcd-file-description EVCD database
evcd-file-description An evcd file extension is related to the Extended Value Change Dump (EVCD) file format used by Cadence NC-Verilog.

evcs-file-extension
evcs-file-description XILS 3 audio sample bank
evcs-file-description Files with evcs file extension can be found as audio sample banks for XILS audio synthesizer.

evd-file-extension
evd-file-description Grand Theft Auto IV vehicle extended data
evd-file-description An evd file extension is related to the Grand Theft Auto IV an action racing and adventure video game.

eve-file-extension
eve-file-description Embedded Vector Editor diagram
eve-file-description Files with eve extension are diagram files made and saved with the Embedded Vector Editor.

event-file-extension
event-file-description Corel catalog file
event-file-description Files with event extension are used for Corel applications. They store information about content of folder imported to catalog database.

everyplaycache-file-extension
everyplaycache-file-description Unknown file
everyplaycache-file-description Files with everyplaycache suffix may be related to Google Android operating system. They may be used to store display activity.

evf-file-extension
evf-file-description ENVI vector
evf-file-description Files with evf extension are mainly related to ENVI platform and used for one of its vector formats.

evillock-file-extension
evillock-file-description Evil-JS (variant) ransomware affected file
evillock-file-description Files with evillock suffix can be typically found as user files that have been encrypted and had their extension renamed by variant of Evil-JS ransomware.

evl-file-extension
evl-file-description EchoView exported line data
evl-file-description Files with evl file extension might be found as part of Echoview hydroacoustic data processing software.

evm-file-extension
evm-file-description Microsoft Windows session configuration
evm-file-description Files with evm file extension can be found as one of the configuration files from Microsoft Windows operating system.

evn-file-extension
evn-file-description Retrosheet event data
evn-file-description An evn file suffix is related to the Retrosheet software. An evn file contains event data.

evo-file-extension
evo-file-description HD DVD video
evo-file-description Files with evo file extension can be mostly found as videos in HD DVD format.

evp-file-extension
evp-file-description Earthview configuration
evp-file-description An evp file extension is associated with the Earthview dynamic desktop wallpaper and screen saver for Windows. An evp file stores configuration data.

evpd-file-extension
evpd-file-description Unknown file extension
evpd-file-description Files with evpd file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

evr-file-extension
evr-file-description EchoView region file
evr-file-description Files with evr extension are used by EchoView program. They include some region data.

evrc-file-extension
evrc-file-description Enhanced Variable Rate Codec audio file
evrc-file-description Files with evrc extension are used by EVRC code. They include audio data.

evs-file-extension
evs-file-description Easy Stand Alone data
evs-file-description An evs file extension is related to the Easy Stand Alone software and used for its data files.

evt-file-extension
evt-file-description Microsoft Windows 2000 and XP event log
evt-file-description An evt file extension is used for event log files associated with the Microsoft Windows XP and older versions of Windows operating system. The event log file contains recorded user actions and system resource usage.

evx-file-extension
evx-file-description EVO record data
evx-file-description An evx file extension is related to the EVO on-line collaboration software. An evx file stores record.

evy-file-extension
evy-file-description Corel Envoy document
evy-file-description The evy file extension is related to Corel Envoy - documents created in WordPerfect exported to Envoy document format (similar to PDF).

evz-file-extension
evz-file-description EVO compressed record file
evz-file-description Files with evz extension are used for the EVO on-line collaboration software. They include saved audio messages copressed by ZIP compression.

ew-file-extension
ew-file-description Euphoria source code
ew-file-description Files with ew file extension are related to the Euphoria, a development tool. An ew file contains source code.

ewb-file-extension
ewb-file-description NI Multisim / Electronic Workbench design
ewb-file-description Files with ewb file extension can be typically found as Electronic Workbench designs for NI Multisim circuit design application.

ewc-file-extension
ewc-file-description EWView configuration data
ewc-file-description An ewc file extension is related to the EWView for MS-DOS operating system. An ewc file stores configuration data.

ewc2-file-extension
ewc2-file-description EDIUS WaveForm cache file
ewc2-file-description Files with ewc2 file extension can be mainly found as WaveForm cache files from EDIUS video editing software.

ewd-file-extension
ewd-file-description EasyWOOD file
ewd-file-description Files with ewd extension are used for EasyWOOD program.

ewd3-file-extension
ewd3-file-description InstallShield file
ewd3-file-description Detailed description

ewf-file-extension
ewf-file-description Trollzsoft EpicWriter data
ewf-file-description An ewf file extension is related to the EpicWriter program, developed by Trollzsoft. An .ewf file stores data.

ewi-file-extension
ewi-file-description Play instrument
ewi-file-description Files with ewi file extension might be found as audio instrument files from Play Advanced Sample System software.

ewl-file-extension
ewl-file-description Microsoft Encarta document
ewl-file-description Files with ewl file extension are related to the Microsoft Encarta document format.

ewm-file-extension
ewm-file-description EWView geographic data
ewm-file-description An ewm file extension is related to the geographic data format used by old software called EWView.

ewnet-file-extension
ewnet-file-description Ultiboard netlist data
ewnet-file-description An ewnet file extension is related to the Ultiboard PCB software for Microsoft Windows.

ewp-file-extension
ewp-file-description eCommerce Website Builder project file
ewp-file-description Files with ewp extension are used for the eCommerce Website Builder editor. The ewp file stores saved projects created in this application.

ewsmbox-file-extension
ewsmbox-file-description Apple Mail file
ewsmbox-file-description Detailed description

ewt-file-extension
ewt-file-description EWView trace data
ewt-file-description An ewt file extension is related to the EWView for MS-DOS operating system. An ewt file stores trace data.

ewu-file-extension
ewu-file-description Embedded Wizard unit data
ewu-file-description An ewu file extension is related to the Embedded Wizard software. An ewu file stores unit data.

eww-file-extension
eww-file-description ER Mapper world data
eww-file-description An eww file extension is related to the ER Mapper and used for its world data files.

ex-file-extension
ex-file-description Norton Ghost template data
ex-file-description An ex file extension is related to the Norton Ghost a backup and disk cloning software. An ex file stores template.

ex%24-file-extension
ex%24-file-description Microsoft compressed EXE file
ex%24-file-description An ex$ file extension is related to the old compression format, developed by Microsoft.

ex01-file-extension
ex01-file-description EnCase Forensic evidence image
ex01-file-description Files with ex01 file extension are commonly used by EnCase Forensic from Guidance Software Inc.

ex2-file-extension
ex2-file-description Exodus II data
ex2-file-description An ex2 file extension is related to the Exodus II (ExodusII) obsolete software.

ex3-file-extension
ex3-file-description Harvard Graphics device driver file
ex3-file-description Files with ex3 extension are used for the Harvard Graphics ChartXL software. They contain device drivers.

ex4-file-extension
ex4-file-description MetaTrader program data
ex4-file-description Files with ex4 extension can be found as data files from MetaTrader and used for its program files.

ex5-file-extension
ex5-file-description MetaTrader program
ex5-file-description Files with ex5 file extension are related to the MetaTrader trading platform. An ex5 file contains program for MetaTrader.

exa-file-extension
exa-file-description Examine32 saved search paramaters
exa-file-description Files with exa file extension are mainly used by Examine32 search utility with Windows. Not to be confused with EXE - common executable format.

exam-file-extension
exam-file-description ProfExam exam data
exam-file-description Files with exam file extension are associated with the ProfExam exam data format.

examcards-file-extension
examcards-file-description MRI ExamCards data
examcards-file-description Files with examcard file extension seems to be mainly found as data files from Phillips MRI scanners.

examl-file-extension
examl-file-description Examine32 saved search parameters file
examl-file-description Files with examl extension are used by Examine32 program. It is used as a file format for internal purposes.

example-file-extension
example-file-description Example data
example-file-description A file with example file extension is used to store various example data, such as game scenarios, documents, templates, etc.

exb-file-extension
exb-file-description Evernote database
exb-file-description Files with exb extension can be found as databases from Evernote notemaking program. An exb file stores database from Evernote.

exc-file-extension
exc-file-description Microsoft Word exclusion dictionary
exc-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe EXC file extension!

excel-file-extension
excel-file-description Microsoft Excel spreadsheet
excel-file-description Microsoft Excel spreadsheets are typically saved in XLS or XLSX formats.

exclude-file-extension
exclude-file-description WOW! backup
exclude-file-description An exclude file extension is associated with the WOW!, a program for Microsoft Windows.

excs-file-extension
excs-file-description Classic Shell settings
excs-file-description An excs file extension is related to the Classic Shell and used for its settings files.

exd-file-extension
exd-file-description Control Information Cache
exd-file-description An exd file extension is related to the Control Information Cache files used by Microsoft Office programs.

exdx-file-extension
exdx-file-description Testbase Online format
exdx-file-description An exdx file extension is related to the Testbase Online format. Seems to be obsolete format.

exe1-file-extension
exe1-file-description Renamed executable
exe1-file-description Files with exe1 file extension can be usually encountered as renamed executable files (.exe). Sometimes caused by anti-virus programs or to distribute malware and viruses.

exe2-file-extension
exe2-file-description Unknown file extension
exe2-file-description Files with exe2 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

exe4j-file-extension
exe4j-file-description Exe4j configuration data
exe4j-file-description An exe4j file extension is related to the Exe4j software for Windows. An exe4j file contains configuration data.

exec-file-extension
exec-file-description Unix executable file
exec-file-description An exec file is related to Unix and Unix-like operating systems, like OS X (macOS), Linux, etc.

exe_-file-extension
exe_-file-description emu8086 assembly source code
exe_-file-description An exe_ file extension is related to the emu8086 assembly source code files.

exe_0002-file-extension
exe_0002-file-description Microsoft Outlook Inbox Repair Tool update
exe_0002-file-description An exe_0002 file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook Inbox Repair Tool. An exe_0002 file stores update.

exe_aq-file-extension
exe_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
exe_aq-file-description Files with exe_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

exe_renamed-file-extension
exe_renamed-file-description Renamed EXE file
exe_renamed-file-description An exe_renamed file extension is related to the renamed *.exe files.

exf-file-extension
exf-file-description CostX data exchange file
exf-file-description An exf file extension is used for default data exchange format in CostX program.

exg-file-extension
exg-file-description JSDAI Express-G schema
exg-file-description Files with exg file extension are related to the JSDAI Express-G schema file format.

exh-file-extension
exh-file-description NHL 08 game exhibition roster data
exh-file-description An exh file extension is related to the NHL ice hockey simulation computer game series.

exhibeo-file-extension
exhibeo-file-description Exhibeo photo gallery
exhibeo-file-description Files with exhibeo file extension are commonly used by Exhibeo, a software for creating web­-based photo galleries.

exif-file-extension
exif-file-description Exchangeable image file
exif-file-description Files with exif extension are known as Exchangeable image file format.

exj-file-extension
exj-file-description Java data
exj-file-description An exj file extension is related to the Java, a programming language and framework. An exj file stores data.

exl-file-extension
exl-file-description MIMEsweeper expression list
exl-file-description An exl file extension is related to the MIMEsweeper software and used for its expression list data.

exm-file-extension
exm-file-description RapidExam test
exm-file-description Files with exm file extension can be usually found mostly as test files from the RapidExam exam-authoring tool.

exmedia_db_complete-file-extension
exmedia_db_complete-file-description LG G2 Android data
exmedia_db_complete-file-description An exmedia_db_complete file extension is related to the Google Android operating system installed in LG G2 phone.

exmp-file-extension
exmp-file-description SimCity 4 cohort data
exmp-file-description Files with exmp file extension are used by SimCity 4, a video game for Microsoft Windows and Mac.

exn-file-extension
exn-file-description Bosch VisualMotion data
exn-file-description Files with exn file extension are associated with the Bosch VisualMotion file format.

exo-file-extension
exo-file-description Youtube for Android video chunk
exo-file-description Files with exo file extension can be most notably found as special video chunks that can be playback offline using Youtube app for Android.

exopc-file-extension
exopc-file-description ExoPC application data
exopc-file-description Files with exopc file extension could also be found on older ExoPC State platform. Seems obsolete.

exotic-file-extension
exotic-file-description Exotic ransomware affected file
exotic-file-description Files with exotic suffix are renamed and encrypted executables affected by the EvilTwin's Exotic ransomware.

exp-file-extension
exp-file-description CATIA export data
exp-file-description There are 15 other file types  usingthe EXP file extension!

expandrivelicense-file-extension
expandrivelicense-file-description EpxanDrive license
expandrivelicense-file-description An expandrivelicense file extension is related to the EpxanDrive a cloud tool for Windows and Mac. An expandrivelicense file stores license data.

explzhcompress-file-extension
explzhcompress-file-description Unknown file extension
explzhcompress-file-description Files with explzhcompress file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

explzhdivision-file-extension
explzhdivision-file-description Unknown file extension
explzhdivision-file-description Files with explzhdivision file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

explzhextract-file-extension
explzhextract-file-description Unknown file extension
explzhextract-file-description Files with explzhextract file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

exportedfavorites-file-extension
exportedfavorites-file-description Transmit for Mac exported logins file
exportedfavorites-file-description Detailed description

exportedui-file-extension
exportedui-file-description Microsoft Office exported customization data
exportedui-file-description Files with .exportedui file extension are generally related to Microsoft Office apps. These files contain customized settings for ribbon menu that can be imported to Word, Excel and other programs with ribbon element.

exprwdasax-file-extension
exprwdasax-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdasax-file-description The exprwdasax file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdasmx-file-extension
exprwdasmx-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdasmx-file-description The exprwdasmx file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdbot-file-extension
exprwdbot-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdbot-file-description An exprwdbot file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdconfig-file-extension
exprwdconfig-file-description Microsoft Expression Web XML configuration
exprwdconfig-file-description Files with exprwdconfig file extension are used by Microsoft Expression Web for configuration data.

exprwdcss-file-extension
exprwdcss-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdcss-file-description An exprwdcss file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web app for Microsoft Windows used to create web apps.

exprwddoclib-file-extension
exprwddoclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwddoclib-file-description An exprwddoclib file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdedited-file-extension
exprwdedited-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdedited-file-description An exprwdedited file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdhomeop-file-extension
exprwdhomeop-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdhomeop-file-description An exprwdhomeop file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web and used for its data files.

exprwdhomepg-file-extension
exprwdhomepg-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
exprwdhomepg-file-description Files with exprwdhomepg file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web data format.

exprwdhtml-file-extension
exprwdhtml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdhtml-file-description An exprwdhtml file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdhtt-file-extension
exprwdhtt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdhtt-file-description The exprwdhtt file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software for Windows.

exprwdjs-file-extension
exprwdjs-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdjs-file-description An exprwdjs file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web file data.

exprwdlinkbar-file-extension
exprwdlinkbar-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdlinkbar-file-description An exprwdlinkbar file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web.

exprwdlist-file-extension
exprwdlist-file-description Microsoft Expression Web web package list
exprwdlist-file-description Files with exprwdlist file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web web package lists.

exprwdlistdata-file-extension
exprwdlistdata-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdlistdata-file-description An exprwdlistdata file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software for Microsoft Windows.

exprwdmaster-file-extension
exprwdmaster-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdmaster-file-description An exprwdmaster file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web.

exprwdnav-file-extension
exprwdnav-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdnav-file-description An exprwdnav file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

exprwdnopub-file-extension
exprwdnopub-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdnopub-file-description An exprwdnopub file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web software for Windows.

exprwdopen-file-extension
exprwdopen-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdopen-file-description The exprwdopen file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

exprwdpiclib-file-extension
exprwdpiclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdpiclib-file-description An exprwdpiclib file extension is related to the  Microsoft Expression Web software.

exprwdresx-file-extension
exprwdresx-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdresx-file-description An exprwdresx file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

exprwdshtm-file-extension
exprwdshtm-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdshtm-file-description An exprwdshtm file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdshtml-file-extension
exprwdshtml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdshtml-file-description An exprwdshtml file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdsitemap-file-extension
exprwdsitemap-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdsitemap-file-description An exprwdsitemap file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdskin-file-extension
exprwdskin-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdskin-file-description An exprwdskin file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web and used for its data files.

exprwdstm-file-extension
exprwdstm-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdstm-file-description An exprwdstm file extension is related to Microsoft Expression Web application.

exprwdsurvey-file-extension
exprwdsurvey-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdsurvey-file-description The exprwdsurvey file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdtheme-file-extension
exprwdtheme-file-description Microsoft Expression Web package theme
exprwdtheme-file-description Files with exprwdtheme file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web package themes.

exprwdtxt-file-extension
exprwdtxt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdtxt-file-description An exprwdtxt file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

exprwdunknown-file-extension
exprwdunknown-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdunknown-file-description An exprwdunknown file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

exprwdweb-file-extension
exprwdweb-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
exprwdweb-file-description An exprwdweb file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software for Windows.

exprwdwfdoclib-file-extension
exprwdwfdoclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web document library
exprwdwfdoclib-file-description Files with exprwdwfdoclib file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web document library.

exprwdxml-file-extension
exprwdxml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web XML document
exprwdxml-file-description An exprwdxml file stores XML document written in Microsoft Expression Web.

exprwdxoml-file-extension
exprwdxoml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web workflow
exprwdxoml-file-description An exprwdxoml file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web workflow format.

exprwdxsl-file-extension
exprwdxsl-file-description Microsoft Expression Web sheet
exprwdxsl-file-description An exprwdxsl file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web sheets.

exprwdxslt-file-extension
exprwdxslt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
exprwdxslt-file-description An exprwdxslt file extension is related to the  Microsoft Expression Web and used for its data files.

exr-file-extension
exr-file-description OpenEXR Image Format
exr-file-description An exr file extension is used for images stored in the OpenEXR Image Format that was developed by the Industrial Light & Magic. OpenEXR image format was going to public in 2003 and it is supported by popular graphics applications, such as Adobe Photoshop, Adobe After Effects, 3D Studio Max, Blender etc.

exs-file-extension
exs-file-description Apple Logic EXS24 instrument data
exs-file-description An exs file extension is related to the Apple Logic EXS24 sampler. An exs file contains instrument.

exsd-file-extension
exsd-file-description Eclipse IDE extension point schema
exsd-file-description An exsd file extension is related to the Eclipse IDE extension point schema format.

ext-file-extension
ext-file-description Norton Commander extension
ext-file-description Files with ext file extension may also be found as old extensions for Norton Commander file manager for MS-DOS operating system.

ext2-file-extension
ext2-file-description Linux second extended file system
ext2-file-description An ext2 file extension is related to the Linux operating system and used for files related to Linux second extended file system.

ext4-file-extension
ext4-file-description Fourth extended filesystem
ext4-file-description An ext4 is related to Fourth extended filesystem -  journaling file system for Linux.

extra-file-extension
extra-file-description Mozilla Firefox crash report
extra-file-description An .extra file extension is related to the Mozilla Firefox a web browser for various platforms. An .extra file stores crash report.

extrep-file-extension
extrep-file-description SAGE external representation
extrep-file-description An extrep file extension is associated with the SAGE software. An extrep file contains external representation.

extz-file-extension
extz-file-description Extron PCS configuration backup
extz-file-description An extz file extension is related to the Extron PCS configuration software. An extz file stores backup of configuration.

exu-file-extension
exu-file-description Euphoria for Linux source code
exu-file-description An exu file extension is related to the Euphoria for Linux, development tool. An exu file stores source code.

exv-file-extension
exv-file-description Crop scenario and meteorological data
exv-file-description An exv file extension is related to the Crop scenario and meteorological data file format.

exw-file-extension
exw-file-description Euphoria Windows source code
exw-file-description An exw file extension is related to the Euphoria programming language and used for its source code files.

exx-file-extension
exx-file-description Alpha Crypt encrypted data
exx-file-description Files with exx file extension are commonly found as encrypted files by the Alpha Crypt ransomware. They can be anything, including documents, photos, spreadsheets and others sensitive files affected by these viruses.

exy-file-extension
exy-file-description Eltac embroidery format
exy-file-description Files with exy file extension might be found as saved embroidery formats for Eltac sewing and stitching machines.

ex_-file-extension
ex_-file-description Compressed EXE file
ex_-file-description An ex_ file extension is related to compressed program executable files created by some Windows installation apps.

ex_psiphon3-file-extension
ex_psiphon3-file-description Unknown file extension
ex_psiphon3-file-description Files with ex_psiphon3 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

eyaml-file-extension
eyaml-file-description Visual Studio Code data
eyaml-file-description Files with eyaml file extension are Visual Studio Code data format.

eyb-file-extension
eyb-file-description Microsoft Encarta Encyclopedia yearbook update file
eyb-file-description Detailed description

eye-file-extension
eye-file-description Eyemail ETI Camcorder Pro video data
eye-file-description An eye file extension is related to the Eyemail ETI Camcorder Pro. An eye file stores video data.

eyml-file-extension
eyml-file-description Visual Studio Code data
eyml-file-description An eyml file extension is associated with the Visual Studio Code and used for its data files.

eyp-file-extension
eyp-file-description Eyapp grammar data
eyp-file-description An eyp file extension is related to the Eyapp program and used for its grammar data.

eys-file-extension
eys-file-description Sierra Expanded Embroidery Format
eys-file-description Files with eys file extension might be found as older Sierra expanded embroideries for Sierra machines.

ez-file-extension
ez-file-description EZ Word word processor document
ez-file-description Files with ez file extension can be usually found as old documents from EZ Word, a text editor that was part of Andrew User Interface System.

ez2-file-extension
ez2-file-description EZPix Secure Photo Album photo package
ez2-file-description Files with ez2 file extension are photo packages created in old EZPix Secure Photo Album program.

ez3-file-extension
ez3-file-description EZPix Secure Photo Album photo package
ez3-file-description Files with ez3 file extension can be found as photo package files from EZPix Secure Photo Album by Electronic Zombie Corp.

ezb-file-extension
ezb-file-description EasyBoot image
ezb-file-description An ezb file extension is related to the EasyBoot, a program for Windows used to create installation DVD/CD of operating systems. An ezb file contains disk image.

ezc-file-extension
ezc-file-description EZScreen Screen Saver Editor data
ezc-file-description An ezc file extension is related to the EZScreen Screen Saver Editor.

ezconfig-file-extension
ezconfig-file-description Remote Control Software data
ezconfig-file-description Files with ezconfig file extension are related to the Remote Control Software data format.

ezd-file-extension
ezd-file-description WSxM image data
ezd-file-description Files with ezd extension are related to the WSxM program and are some kind of image data files.

ezdraw-file-extension
ezdraw-file-description EazyDraw picture
ezdraw-file-description An ezdraw file extension is related to the EazyDraw and used for its vector graphics files.

eze-file-extension
eze-file-description ErZorScript source code
eze-file-description Files with eze file extension can be found as source scripts in ErZorScript scripting language by ErZorSoft.

ezf-file-extension
ezf-file-description Calculus EZ-Fax fax document
ezf-file-description Files with ezf file extension can be found as old fax files from EZ-FAX program from Calculus.

ezg-file-extension
ezg-file-description EZGraphs source code
ezg-file-description Files with ezg file suffix are related to the EZGraphs programming language. An ezg file contains source code.

ezhex-file-extension
ezhex-file-description Logitech Harmony configuration file
ezhex-file-description Files with ezhex extension are used for Harmony universal remote devices. They include tutor data for the remotes.

ezk-file-extension
ezk-file-description EasyKrypt encrypted data
ezk-file-description An ezk file extension is associated with the EasyKrypt software and used for its encrypted data.

ezl-file-extension
ezl-file-description EasyLog log record
ezl-file-description An ezl file extension is associated with the EasyLog log record file format.

ezlog-file-extension
ezlog-file-description Skype Extras Manager log
ezlog-file-description An ezlog file extension is used for debugging log files created by now discontinued Skype Extras Manager .

ezm-file-extension
ezm-file-description EasyOffice mail data
ezm-file-description An ezm file extension is related to the EasyOffice and used for its mail files.

ezp-file-extension
ezp-file-description EDIUS project
ezp-file-description Files with ezp extension can be found as projects prom EDIUS video editing program. Used to store work in progress.

ezpx-file-extension
ezpx-file-description GoLabel document
ezpx-file-description An ezpx file extension is associated with the GoLabel document format.

ezs-file-extension
ezs-file-description Sunburst Technology easy sheet document
ezs-file-description An ezs file extension is related to the Sunburst Technology easy sheet document format.

ezsetup-file-extension
ezsetup-file-description EasyBits setup package
ezsetup-file-description An ezsetup file extension is related to the EasyBits setup packages.

ezt-file-extension
ezt-file-description Worm.Win32.AutoRun.ezt data
ezt-file-description An ezt file extension is associated with the Worm.Win32.AutoRun.ezt virus. An ezt file contains data.

eztut-file-extension
eztut-file-description Logitech Harmony tutor data
eztut-file-description The eztut file extension is associated with the Logtech Harmony and used for its tutor data.

eztutor-file-extension
eztutor-file-description Logitech Harmony tutor file
eztutor-file-description Files with EZTUTOR extension are tutor files for Harmony universal remote controllers from Logitech.

eztv-file-extension
eztv-file-description EZTV tv show video
eztv-file-description Files with eztv file extension are actually multimedia files, with their extensions (AVI, MP4 etc ) hidden. The eztv file is thus part of file name and may confuse some users.

ezup-file-extension
ezup-file-description Logitech Harmony firmware upgrade file
ezup-file-description Files with EZUP extension can be found as firmware upgrades for Harmony family of remote controllers from Logitech.

ezupgrade-file-extension
ezupgrade-file-description Logitech Harmony firmware upgrade
ezupgrade-file-description Files with ezupgrade file extension can be found as firmware upgrades for Logitech Harmony devices.

ezw-file-extension
ezw-file-description easyOFFER real estate form
ezw-file-description An ezw file extension is related to the easyOFFER real estate form format.

fb2-file-extension
fb2-file-description FictionBook e-Book

fdb-file-extension
fdb-file-description Firebird database

fla-file-extension
fla-file-description Editable Adobe Flash project (animation, movie, flash application)

flac-file-extension
flac-file-description Audio files encoded by Flac - free lossless audio codec
flac-file-description Files with flac extension are used for audio files compressed with the FLAC, aka Free Lossless Audio Codec. FLAC files do not lose any quality with their compression as MP3 do, but they are generally larger. Most modern media players support playback of FLAC files.

flv-file-extension
flv-file-description Flash video
flv-file-description An flv file extension is used for Flash video files. Flash videos is a type of multimedia format used commonly on web sites for various animations or object elements. Requires Adobe Flash Player.

fpx-file-extension
fpx-file-description Kodak FlashPiX bitmap image

f-file-extension
f-file-description Fortran source code
f-file-description Files with f suffix can commonly be found as source code in Fortran programming language.

f%23%2Ba-file-extension
f%23%2Ba-file-description RagTime Classic file
f%23%2Ba-file-description Detailed description

f%23%2Bd-file-extension
f%23%2Bd-file-description RagTime Classic file
f%23%2Bd-file-description Files with F#+D extension might be found as part of RagTme Classic program.

f%2Bdb-file-extension
f%2Bdb-file-description Microsoft FoxPro database
f%2Bdb-file-description An f+db file extension is related to the Microsoft FoxPro, a relational database management system. An f+db file contains database.

f00-file-extension
f00-file-description Kanji font
f00-file-description Files with f00 file suffix are related to the Kanji font format.

f01-file-extension
f01-file-description HEC-RAS flow data
f01-file-description Files with f01 file extension can be found as flow files from Hydrologic Engineering Centers River Analysis System (HEC-RAS).

f02-file-extension
f02-file-description HEC-RAS flow data
f02-file-description An f02 file extension is related to the HEC-RAS (River Analysis System) and used for its flow data.

f03-file-extension
f03-file-description Fortran source code
f03-file-description An f03 file extension is related to the Fortran, a programming language from IBM. An f03 file stores source code.

f04-file-extension
f04-file-description HEC-RAS flow data
f04-file-description Files with f04 file extension are flow files from  Hydrologic Engineering Centers River Analysis System by US Army.

f05-file-extension
f05-file-description HEC-RAS flow data
f05-file-description Files with f05 file extension might also be found as flow data for HEC-RAS (Hydrologic Engineering Centers River Analysis System) used by US Army Corps of Engineers.

f06-file-extension
f06-file-description MS-DOS screen text 6 pixels height font
f06-file-description An f06 file extension is related to the MS-DOS screen text 6 pixels height font format.

f08-file-extension
f08-file-description DOS screen text 8 pixels height font
f08-file-description An f08 file extension is associated with the MS-DOS system. An f08 file contains screen text 8 pixels height font.

f09-file-extension
f09-file-description MS-DOS screen text 9 pixels height font
f09-file-description An f09 file extension is related to the MS-DOS operating system. An f09 file stores screen text 9 pixels height font.

f10-file-extension
f10-file-description DOS screen text 10 pixels height font file
f10-file-description An f10 file extension is related to the MS-DOS system. An f10 file contains font.

f11-file-extension
f11-file-description MS-DOS screen text 11 pixels height font file
f11-file-description An f11 file extension is related to the DOS screen text 11 pixels height font file format.

f12-file-extension
f12-file-description DOS screen text 12 pixel height font
f12-file-description An f12 file extension is related to the DOS screen text 12 pixel height font format.

f13-file-extension
f13-file-description MS-DOS screen text 13 pixels height font
f13-file-description An f13 file extension is related to the MS-DOS operating system. An f13 file contains screen text 13 pixels height font.

f14-file-extension
f14-file-description Embird data
f14-file-description An f14 file extension is related to the Embird, an embroidery software. An f14 file contains some kind of data.

f15-file-extension
f15-file-description Embird Embroidery Software data
f15-file-description Files with f15 file suffix are associated with the Embird Embroidery Software data format.

f16-file-extension
f16-file-description DOS screen text 16 pixels height font file
f16-file-description Files with f16 extension were associated with MS-DOS systems fonts.

f1s-file-extension
f1s-file-description Alien Skin Settings Router settings
f1s-file-description An f1s file extension is related to the Alien Skin Settings Router and used for its settings files.

f2b-file-extension
f2b-file-description ProntoGERBER-CONNECTION board database
f2b-file-description An f2b file extension is associated with the ProntoGERBER-CONNECTION, a program for working with Gerber data. An f2b file contains board database.

f2f-file-extension
f2f-file-description Byteworx FMEA exported data
f2f-file-description Files with f2f file extension are exported data files from Byteworx FMEA Failure Mode and Effects Analysis software.

f2g-file-extension
f2g-file-description GIGABYTE BIOS update
f2g-file-description Files with f2g file extension are used by some motherboards from GIGABYTE for BIOS update files.

f2k-file-extension
f2k-file-description Freecell 2000 data
f2k-file-description An f2k file extension is related to the Freecell 2000 computer game.

f2l-file-extension
f2l-file-description Chemtool temporary data
f2l-file-description An f2l file extension is related to the Chemtool and used for its temporary data.

f2r-file-extension
f2r-file-description Farandole linear module format
f2r-file-description An f2r file extension is associated with the Farandole linear module format.

f32-file-extension
f32-file-description Floating point raw 32-bit IEEE data
f32-file-description An f32 file extension is related to the Floating point raw 32-bit IEEE data format.

f3d-file-extension
f3d-file-description Foam3D data package
f3d-file-description An f3d file extension is related to the Foam3D a 3D engine. An f3d file stores data package.

f3f-file-extension
f3f-file-description Crazy Machines font data
f3f-file-description File with f3f file name suffix contains font data used in Crazy Machines computer game.

f3g-file-extension
f3g-file-description GIGABYTE BIOS update
f3g-file-description Files with f3g file extension are used by some motherboards from GIGABYTE for BIOS update files.

f3k-file-extension
f3k-file-description F3KScore data
f3k-file-description An f3k file extension is associated with the F3KScore program used to manage F3K contests. An f3k file stores data viewable in this software.

f3la-file-extension
f3la-file-description Corel texture file
f3la-file-description Detailed description

f3r-file-extension
f3r-file-description Farandoyle blocked linear module format
f3r-file-description An f3r file extension is related to the Farandoyle audio tracker. An f3r file stores audio data.

f3s-file-extension
f3s-file-description Gigabyte BIOS update
f3s-file-description An f3s file extension is related to the Gigabyte GA-X79-UP4 main board and others. An f3s file contains BIOS update.

f40-file-extension
f40-file-description PDP-10 FORTRAN-4 compiler source
f40-file-description An f40 file extension is related to the FORTRAN-4 compiler for PDP-10 mainframe computers. An f40 file stores FORTRAN source code.

f4a-file-extension
f4a-file-description Adobe Flash MP4 audio stream
f4a-file-description Files with f4a file extension might also be found as Flash files with M4A audio stream.

f4b-file-extension
f4b-file-description Adobe Flash MP4 audio eBook file
f4b-file-description Files with f4b extension are used by the Adobe Flash program. They include some audio data.

f4f-file-extension
f4f-file-description Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming segment
f4f-file-description Files with f4f extension are Flash MP4 video fragments used by Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming service.

f4g-file-extension
f4g-file-description GIGABYTE BIOS update
f4g-file-description Files with f4g file extension are used by some motherboards from GIGABYTE for BIOS update files.

f4m-file-extension
f4m-file-description Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming Flash media manifest
f4m-file-description An f4m file extension is associated with the Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming Flash. An f4m file contains media manifest.

f4p-file-extension
f4p-file-description Adobe Flash protected MP4 media
f4p-file-description An f4p file extension is related to the Adobe Flash, a multimedia software platform for various platforms. An f4p file stores MP4 video data.

f4v-file-extension
f4v-file-description Adobe Flash mp4 multimedia
f4v-file-description An f4v file extension is associated with Adobe Flash and used for one of the two different flash video format, the other being FLV. F4V format is based on ISO and is supported starting with Flash Player 9 update 3.

f4x-file-extension
f4x-file-description Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming index file
f4x-file-description Files with f4x extension are related to Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming software.

f5c-file-extension
f5c-file-description VPN client profile
f5c-file-description An f5c file extension is associated with some VPN clients. An f5c file stores client profile.

f5g-file-extension
f5g-file-description GIGABYTE BIOS update
f5g-file-description An f5g file extension is related to theGIGABYTE BIOS update format.

f64-file-extension
f64-file-description Floating point raw 64-bit IEEE data
f64-file-description Files with f64 file extension can be found as some sort of 64-bit mono audio format. Probably old.

f6g-file-extension
f6g-file-description GIGABYTE BIOS update
f6g-file-description An f6g file extension is associated with some GIGABYTE motherboards. An f6g file stores BIOS update.

f77-file-extension
f77-file-description Fortran 77 language source code
f77-file-description An f77 file extension is related to the Fortran programming language. An f77 file stores source code.

f90-file-extension
f90-file-description Intel Fortran 90 language source
f90-file-description An f90 file extension is associated with the Fortran a programming language. An f90 file stores source code.

f95-file-extension
f95-file-description Fortran 95 language source code file
f95-file-description Files with f95 extension are used for Fortran 95 programming language. They include code written in this program.

f96-file-extension
f96-file-description Frecom FAX96 document
f96-file-description Files with f96 file extension might be found as documents made in old Frecom FAX96 program.

fa-file-extension
fa-file-description FASTA DNA data
fa-file-description Files with fa file extension can be usually encountered as data files in a special FASTA DNA format used in biochemistry.

fa1-file-extension
fa1-file-description DATAIR FAS 87/132 reporter data
fa1-file-description An fa1 file extension is related to the DATAIR FAS 87/132 compliance reporting module file format.

fa2-file-extension
fa2-file-description DATAIR FAS 87/132 reporter custom text
fa2-file-description An fa2 file extension is related to the DATAIR FAS 87/132 software. An fa2 file stores reporter custom text.

fab-file-extension
fab-file-description Electronic Source Company Fabmaster data
fab-file-description Files with fab file extension seems to have been once used by the old Fabmaster software. It looks like the program, much like the format, are no longer actively used or further developed.

fabbproject-file-extension
fabbproject-file-description netfabb Basic project
fabbproject-file-description A fabbproject file extension is related to the netfabb Basic 3D modeling tool. A fabbproject file stores project.

fabpfpkg-file-extension
fabpfpkg-file-description DVDFab file
fabpfpkg-file-description A fabpfpkg file extension is related to the DVDFab a software for backup optical disks.

fac-file-extension
fac-file-description UNIX FaceSaver bitmap image
fac-file-description Files with fac file extension can be found as bitmap images in Unix FaceSaver format.

face-file-extension
face-file-description UNIX FaceSaver bitmap image
face-file-description Files with face file extension are generally bitmap images used by Unix FaceSaver. Somewhat old format.

facefx-file-extension
facefx-file-description FaceFX 3D model
facefx-file-description A facefx file extension is related to the FaceFX, a facial animation app. A facefx file stores 3D models.

facefx_ingame-file-extension
facefx_ingame-file-description FaceFX 3D model
facefx_ingame-file-description Files with facefx_ingame file file extension are related to the FaceFX 3D model format.

faces-file-extension
faces-file-description JavaServer Faces FacesServlet page
faces-file-description A faces file extension is associated with the JavaServer Faces FacesServlet page format.

fact-file-extension
fact-file-description EIAS ElectricImage 3D data
fact-file-description A fact file extension is related to the EIAS and used for its ElectricImage 3D files.

factorypath-file-extension
factorypath-file-description Eclipse factorypath data
factorypath-file-description A factorypath file extension is associated with the Eclipse, an integrated development tool. A factorypath file contains map of factory containers for a given project.

fad-file-extension
fad-file-description Office file attribute database
fad-file-description Files with fad file extension were in the past used for for File Attribute Databases from Microsoft Office.

fadein-file-extension
fadein-file-description Fade In screenwrite document
fadein-file-description A fadein file extension is related to the Fade In screenwriting software and used for its documents.

fader-file-extension
fader-file-description Serato DJ fader data
fader-file-description A fader file extension is related to the Serato DJ, a music mixing software for Windows and Mac. A .fader file stores fader preset.

fae-file-extension
fae-file-description MS Office 97 file converter DLL file
fae-file-description Files with fae extension are used for an old MS Office 97. It was used as a document converter a converting service.

faff-file-extension
faff-file-description Professional Calc spreadsheet file
faff-file-description Detailed description

fag-file-extension
fag-file-description Win32.AutoRun.fag
fag-file-description Files with fag suffix may sometimes be found as one of the file types generated by malicious software. Labeled as Worm.Win32.AutoRun.fag.

fah-file-extension
fah-file-description Folding@home data
fah-file-description A fah file extension is related to the Folding@home protein folding simulation software.

fai-file-extension
fai-file-description FASTA index
fai-file-description A fai file extension is related to the FASTA, a DNA sequence analysis program.

failed-file-extension
failed-file-description IBM Content Navigator failed task log
failed-file-description A failed file extension is related to the IBM Content Navigator command-line tool. A failed file contains task failed log.

failed-conv-file-extension
failed-conv-file-description Unknown file extension
failed-conv-file-description Files with failed-conv file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

failurerequests-file-extension
failurerequests-file-description macOS (OS X) data
failurerequests-file-description A failurerequests file extension is related to the Mac OS X (macOS) operating system. A failurerequests file contains data.

fairytreasuresavedgame-file-extension
fairytreasuresavedgame-file-description Fairy Treasure saved game
fairytreasuresavedgame-file-description The fairytreasuresavedgame file extension is related to the Fairy Treasure saved game files.

fak-file-extension
fak-file-description HP MPE/iX fixed ASCII KSAM data
fak-file-description A fak file extension is related to the HP MPE/iX operating system and used for its fixed ASCII KSAM files.

fal-file-extension
fal-file-description Bitmap graphics image header information Q0
fal-file-description The fal extension files are used as bitmap graphics files.

fam-file-extension
fam-file-description The Sims family data
fam-file-description Files with fam file extension are used for The Sims PC game.

familyx-file-extension
familyx-file-description My Family Tree genealogy data
familyx-file-description Files with familyx extension can be typically found as genealogy data files generated with the My Family Tree software.

familyxs-file-extension
familyxs-file-description My Family Tree family file
familyxs-file-description The familyxs file extension is related to the My Family Tree and used to store information about family.

fan-file-extension
fan-file-description Finale NotePad font annotation
fan-file-description A fan file extension is related to the Finale NotePad, a score writing program. A fan file contains font annotation.

fantom-file-extension
fantom-file-description Fantom ransomware affected data
fantom-file-description Files with fantom file extension can be usually encountered as encrypted files affected by the Fantom ransomware.

fap-file-extension
fap-file-description ACD FotoAngelo project settings
fap-file-description A fap file extension is related to the ACD FotoAngelo and used for its settings files.

faq-file-extension
faq-file-description Frequently Asked Questions
faq-file-description An faq file extension is associated with the Frequently Asked Questions documents.

far-file-extension
far-file-description eForms Designer form
far-file-description Files with far extension may be usually found as form prepared and saved using the he eForms Designer from Cerenade.

farmfrenzysavedgame-file-extension
farmfrenzysavedgame-file-description Farm Frenzy saved game
farmfrenzysavedgame-file-description A farmfrenzysavedgame file extension is related to the Farm Frenzy saved game files.

farrun-file-extension
farrun-file-description FAR HTML batch script
farrun-file-description A farrum file extension is related to the FAR HTML software and used for its batch files.

fas-file-extension
fas-file-description AutoCAD Fast-load Auto LISP compiled data file
fas-file-description A fas file extension is related to the AutoCAD a CAD software for Mac and Windows. A fas file stores script written in AutoCAD VisualLisp.

fasl-file-extension
fasl-file-description Scheme source code
fasl-file-description A fasl file extension is related to the Scheme programming language and used for its compiled source codes.

fasta-file-extension
fasta-file-description FASTA format DNA and protein sequence alignment
fasta-file-description Files with fasta file extension can be usually found as DNA and protein sequence data files in FASTA format.

fastq-file-extension
fastq-file-description FASTQ format
fastq-file-description A fastq file extension is related to the FASTQ format for storing both a biological sequence (usually nucleotide sequence) and its corresponding quality scores.

fastresume-file-extension
fastresume-file-description Netgear ReadyNAS BitTorrent client data
fastresume-file-description Files with fastresume file extension can be often found as some sort of setting files for Netgear ReadyNAS BitTorrent client.

fat-file-extension
fat-file-description FreeAmp / Zing theme
fat-file-description Files with fat suffix are skins or themes for either old FreeAmp or newer Zinf media player.

fatesavedgame-file-extension
fatesavedgame-file-description Fate save game file
fatesavedgame-file-description Files with FATESAVEDGAME extension might be found as saved game positions from Fate action RPG.

fateundiscoveredrealmssavedgame-file-extension
fateundiscoveredrealmssavedgame-file-description Fate Undiscovered Realms save game file
fateundiscoveredrealmssavedgame-file-description Detailed description

fau-file-extension
fau-file-description Simulation Laboratory Creator collapsed fault list
fau-file-description A fau file extension is related to the Simulation Laboratory Creator. A fau file stores collapsed fault list.

fav-file-extension
fav-file-description Microsoft Outlook bar-shortcut
fav-file-description Files with fav suffix can be most often found as part of Microsoft Outlook e-mail client and personal manager. A fav file stores bar-shortcut settings.

favorite-file-extension
favorite-file-description Apple iDVD favorite data
favorite-file-description A .favorite file extension is related to the Apple iDVD playback software. A favorite file contains favorite data.

favoritemetadata-file-extension
favoritemetadata-file-description Transmit for Mac login data
favoritemetadata-file-description A favoritemetadata file extension is related to the Transmit for Mac login data format.

fax-file-extension
fax-file-description Fax document (generic Group 3 1bit encoded data)
fax-file-description Files with fax file extension can be found as digital pictures saved in format used to visualize fax documents in electronic format.

fay-file-extension
fay-file-description Pinphone 3GS cower flow image file
fay-file-description Files with fay extension are associated with Pinphone 3GS device.

faz-file-extension
faz-file-description DeskMate generic character data
faz-file-description A faz file extension is related to the DeskMate app and used for its generic character data.

fb-file-extension
fb-file-description Slim! compressed archive
fb-file-description An fb file extension is related to the Slim! an experimental compression tool. An fb file stores compressed data.

fb%21-file-extension
fb%21-file-description FlashGet incomplete download
fb%21-file-description Files with fb! file extension can be typically found as incomplete downloads generated by FlashGet internet downloading accelerator.

fb1-file-extension
fb1-file-description FAWAVE binary data
fb1-file-description An fb1 file extension is related to the FAWAVE, a tool for performing digital signal processing on digital audio and images. An fb1 file stores binary data.

fb2k-component-file-extension
fb2k-component-file-description Foobar2000 application data
fb2k-component-file-description An fb2k-component file extension is related to the Foobar2000 and used for its component data.

fba-file-extension
fba-file-description Mamew20 data
fba-file-description Files with sba file extension were used by Mamew20 program.

fbat-file-extension
fbat-file-description FAR batch compile file
fbat-file-description Files with fbat file extension are related to the FAR batch compile data.

fbc-file-extension
fbc-file-description Family Tree compressed backup
fbc-file-description Files with fbc file extension can be found as compressed backups from the old DOS version of Family Tree program.

fbd-file-extension
fbd-file-description FlowBiz Workflow Designer procedure document
fbd-file-description An fbd file extension is related to the FlowBiz Workflow Designer and used for its procedure document files.

fbexplore-file-extension
fbexplore-file-description FileBoss file
fbexplore-file-description Files with fbexplore suffix are related to the FileBoss software for Microsoft Windows.

fbf-file-extension
fbf-file-description Free Backup Fix backup
fbf-file-description Files with fbf file extension are in most cases backups from Free Backup Fix backup utility. You can restore them with it.

fbfilesetx-file-extension
fbfilesetx-file-description FileBoss file
fbfilesetx-file-description The fbfilesetx file extension is related to the FileBoss software.

fbg-file-extension
fbg-file-description Shape Pro ground surface
fbg-file-description An fbg file extension is related to the Shape Pro and used for its ground surface files.

fbi-file-extension
fbi-file-description Total Annihilation main unit definition data
fbi-file-description An fbi file extension is related to the Total Annihilation video game. An fbi file contains main unit definition data.

fbk-file-extension
fbk-file-description Microsoft Navision financial backup
fbk-file-description Files with fbk file extension can mainly be found as backups made in Microsoft Navision (now known as Dynamics NAV) business software.

fbl-file-extension
fbl-file-description iGO map
fbl-file-description An fbl file extension is related to iGO GPS navigation software for PDAs and smart phones. An fbl file stores maps.

fbm-file-extension
fbm-file-description Fuzzy bitmap image
fbm-file-description Files with fbm file extension can be found as images in fuzzy bitmap format.

fbn-file-extension
fbn-file-description ArcView spatial index file
fbn-file-description Files with fbn extension are used by Arcview program. These *.fbn extension files store spatial index for read only datasets.

fbnd-file-extension
fbnd-file-description Apple Communication Tool file
fbnd-file-description Detailed description

fbok-file-extension
fbok-file-description Adobe FrameMaker Book file
fbok-file-description Detailed description

fboptsx-file-extension
fboptsx-file-description FileBoss settings file
fboptsx-file-description The fboptsx file extension is related to the FileBoss file manager.

fbp-file-extension
fbp-file-description wxFormBuilder project
fbp-file-description An fbp file extension is related to the wxFormBuilder software. An fbp file stores project.

fbp6-file-extension
fbp6-file-description FinalBuilder XML project
fbp6-file-description An fbp6 file extension is related to the FinalBuilder XML project file format.

fbproj-file-extension
fbproj-file-description FlippingBook Photo Album project file
fbproj-file-description Detailed description

fbq-file-extension
fbq-file-description Trine 2 game archive
fbq-file-description Files with fbq file extension can be found as game archives from Trine 2 puzzle game.

fbr-file-extension
fbr-file-description BB FlashBack recorded video
fbr-file-description An fbr file extension is mainly related to the BB FlashBack screen recorder. An fbr file stores captured video data.

fbrb-file-extension
fbrb-file-description Battlefield Bad Company 2 game data
fbrb-file-description A fbrb file extension is related to the Battlefield Bad Company 2 video game and used for its game data archive files.

fbs-file-extension
fbs-file-description Fastbid plan sheet
fbs-file-description An fbs file extension is related to the Fastbid, an imaging system. An fbs file contains plan sheet.

fbt-file-extension
fbt-file-description Cybersports team data
fbt-file-description An fbt file extension is related to the Cybersports team data format.

fbu-file-extension
fbu-file-description FEBE Firefox add-in ZIP backup
fbu-file-description Files with fbu extension are used by the FEBE. It is a backup add-on for Firefox. They include backup data.

fbv-file-extension
fbv-file-description FinalBuilder persistent variables data
fbv-file-description An fbv file extension is related to the FinalBuilder and used for its persistent variables.

fbw-file-extension
fbw-file-description HP Backup split backup
fbw-file-description An fbw file extension is related to the HP Backup split backup file format used by HP Backup & Recovery Manager.

fbwinsx-file-extension
fbwinsx-file-description FileBoss data
fbwinsx-file-description A fbwinsx file extension is related to the FileBoss for Microsoft Windows.

fbx-file-extension
fbx-file-description Autodesk Kaydara 3D data exchange format
fbx-file-description Files with fbx extension can be found as 3D model files saved in the Autodesk Kaydara 3D data exchange format used in several 3D authoring tools.

fbz-file-extension
fbz-file-description Shadowgrounds game archive
fbz-file-description A fbz file extension is related to the Shadowgrounds computer game. A fbz file contains game archive.

fbz6-file-extension
fbz6-file-description FinalBuilder compressed project
fbz6-file-description An fbz6 file extension is related to FinalBuilder programs development environment. An fbz6 file contains compressed program project.

fc-file-extension
fc-file-description Harvard Graphics 2.0 spell checking dictionary
fc-file-description Files with fc file extension are related to the Harvard Graphics 2.0 spell checking dictionary format.

fc%24-file-extension
fc%24-file-description Realizer Disk 1 L data
fc%24-file-description Files with fc$ file extension are installation files from older BASIC Realizer program.

fc13-file-extension
fc13-file-description FutureComposer audio
fc13-file-description Files with fc13 file extension can be found as old audio files from FutureComposer program.

fc14-file-extension
fc14-file-description FutureComposer audio data
fc14-file-description Files with fc14 file extension can be found as old audio files from FutureComposer program.

fc2-file-extension
fc2-file-description Poser face pose data
fc2-file-description An fc2 file extension is related to Poser, a 3D modeling tool for Windows and Apple Mac. An fc2 file contains face graphics.

fc2map-file-extension
fc2map-file-description Far Cry 2 user map
fc2map-file-description An fc2map file extension is related to the Far Cry 2 first person shooter video game. An .fc2map file stores map.

fc3-file-extension
fc3-file-description WavePad Sound Editor data
fc3-file-description An fc3 file extension is related to the WavePad Sound Editor software. An fc3 file contains data.

fc4-file-extension
fc4-file-description AMIGA Futur-Composer module
fc4-file-description An fc4 file extension is related to the AMIGA Futur-Composer module file format.

fc5-file-extension
fc5-file-description Flow Charting diagram
fc5-file-description An fc5 file extension is related to the Flow Charting software version 6 and used for its diagram files.

fca-file-extension
fca-file-description Omnis web client data
fca-file-description Files with fca file extension are mostly related to Omnis RAD platform. Web Client data file.

fcarch-file-extension
fcarch-file-description Apple Final Cut Pro archive
fcarch-file-description An fcarch file extension is associated with the Apple Final Cut Pro archive format.

fcat-file-extension
fcat-file-description Fact200 categories
fcat-file-description An fcat file extension is related to the Fact200 software for Windows.

fcb-file-extension
fcb-file-description FAAST Builder data
fcb-file-description A fcb file extension is mainly related to FAAST Builder a rapid application development program and used for one of its data files.

fcc-file-extension
fcc-file-description SiteMinder forms credential collector data
fcc-file-description An fcc file extension is related to the SiteMinder and used for its credential collector files.

fcd-file-extension
fcd-file-description Virtual CD backup image
fcd-file-description Files with fcd file extension could be especially in the past found as uncompressed backup of optical disk performed using the Virtual CD software.

fcdt-file-extension
fcdt-file-description Adobe FormsCentral form template
fcdt-file-description Files with fcdt file extension might be found as old form templates from Adobe FormsCentral.

fce-file-extension
fce-file-description EDraw Max file format
fce-file-description Files with fce extension are used for EDraw Max software.

fcf-file-extension
fcf-file-description Final Draft document
fcf-file-description Files with fcf suffix are documents prepared and saved using Final Draft professional screenwriting software.

fcfe-file-extension
fcfe-file-description Microsoft Access encrypted database
fcfe-file-description An fcfe file extension is related to encrypted database created by application or plugin for encrypting of Microsoft Access databases.

fcg-file-extension
fcg-file-description FastCGI script file
fcg-file-description Files with fcg extension are used by FastCGI communication protocol.

fcgi-file-extension
fcgi-file-description FastCGI script
fcgi-file-description An fcgi file extension is associated with the FastCGI communication protocol and used for its script files.

fchc-file-extension
fchc-file-description Fetch cache file
fchc-file-description Detailed description

fchk-file-extension
fchk-file-description Gaussian checkpoint data
fchk-file-description Files with fchk file extension are used for Gaussian, structure modeling software. They include saved checkpoint files.

fchp-file-extension
fchp-file-description Fetch preference file
fchp-file-description Detailed description

fcl-file-extension
fcl-file-description FidoCAD library
fcl-file-description Files with fcl file extension might be mostly found as libraries from FidoCAD CAD/CAE software.

fcm-file-extension
fcm-file-description jlpak10.zip binary file patch
fcm-file-description An fcm file extension is related to the jlpak10.zip binary file patch file format.

fcmacro-file-extension
fcmacro-file-description FreeCAD macro
fcmacro-file-description An fcmacro file extension is associated with the FreeCAD program. An fcmacro file contains macro.

fcod-file-extension
fcod-file-description Adobe PageMaker filter data
fcod-file-description files with fcod file extension might be found as part of Adobe PageMaker program.

fcp-file-extension
fcp-file-description Final Cut Pro project
fcp-file-description Files with fcp suffix might also be found as project files from Final Cut Pro software.

fcpa-file-extension
fcpa-file-description Officer cost report data file
fcpa-file-description Detailed description

fcpevent-file-extension
fcpevent-file-description Final Cut Pro event
fcpevent-file-description Files with fcpevent file extension are associated with the Final Cut Pro, a video editing tool for Mac.

fcpr-file-extension
fcpr-file-description Officer cost report data file
fcpr-file-description Detailed description

fcproject-file-extension
fcproject-file-description Final Cut Pro X project
fcproject-file-description An fcproject file extension is related to the Final Cut Pro X, a video editing program for macOS (OS X). An fcproject file contains project from Final Cut Pro X.

fcpxml-file-extension
fcpxml-file-description Final Cut Pro X project
fcpxml-file-description An fcpxml file extension is related to the Final Cut Pro X, a video editing software. An fcpxml file stores video data.

fcr-file-extension
fcr-file-description Cost report data
fcr-file-description An fcr file extension is related to the Electronic Cost Report for Microsoft Excel and used for its cost report data.

fcs-file-extension
fcs-file-description Flow cytometry standard format
fcs-file-description A fcs file extension is related to the Flow cytometry standard format.

fcstd-file-extension
fcstd-file-description FreeCAD drawing
fcstd-file-description An fcstd file extension is related to the FreeCAD, a parametric 3D modeling software for Windows, Mac, Linux. An fcstd file stores drawing.

fcstd1-file-extension
fcstd1-file-description FreeCAD document backup
fcstd1-file-description An fcstd1 file extension is associated with FreeCAD modeling tool. An fcstd1 file contains backup of document.

fct-file-extension
fct-file-description FoxPro catalog memo
fct-file-description An fct file extension is related to the FoxPro and used for its catalog memo files.

fcw-file-extension
fcw-file-description Campaign Cartographer 2 file format
fcw-file-description An fcw file extension is related to the Campaign Cartographer and used for its data files.

fcx-file-extension
fcx-file-description Vax VMS compressed data
fcx-file-description An fcx file extension is related to the Vax VMS compressed file format.

fcxe-file-extension
fcxe-file-description FileCapsule Deluxe encoded archive
fcxe-file-description Files with fcxe file extension are encrypted archives created using the FileCapsule Deluxe program. Popular in Asia, mostly unknown in other regions.

fcxr-file-extension
fcxr-file-description FileCapsule Deluxe data
fcxr-file-description An fcxr file extension is related to the FileCapsule Deluxe software.

fcxu-file-extension
fcxu-file-description FileCapsule Deluxe data
fcxu-file-description An fcxu file extension is related to the FileCapsule Deluxe.

fcz-file-extension
fcz-file-description Poser compressed face pose data
fcz-file-description An fcz file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D figure designing tool for Windows and Mac. An fcz file stores compressed face pose data.

fd-file-extension
fd-file-description DataFlex field offsets for compiler
fd-file-description An fd file extension is associated with the DataFlex and used for its field offsets for compiler data.

fd1-file-extension
fd1-file-description Windows Live Photo Gallery thumbnail database
fd1-file-description Files with fd1 file extension can be found as face thumbnail database from Windows Live Photo Gallery.

fd2-file-extension
fd2-file-description EasyPrint PictureMate borders data
fd2-file-description An fd2 file extension is related to the EasyPrint program from Epson. An fd2 file contains borders data.

fda-file-extension
fda-file-description Warhammer 40,000 audio data
fda-file-description An fda file extension is related to the Warhammer 40,000 computer game. An fda file stores audio data.

fdat-file-extension
fdat-file-description CSD FDAT chemical modeller input data
fdat-file-description An fdat file extension is related to the CSD FDAT chemical modeler input file format.

fdata-file-extension
fdata-file-description NONMEM data
fdata-file-description Files with fdata file suffix are associated with NONMEM program. An fdata file contains data.

fdc-file-extension
fdc-file-description McAfee Sniffer capture
fdc-file-description An fdc file extension is related to the McAfee Sniffer. An fdc file contains captured network data.

fdd-file-extension
fdd-file-description Parallels virtual machine floppy disk drive image
fdd-file-description An fdd file extension is related to the Parallels Desktop for Mac. An fdd file is used to store virtual machine floppy disk drive image.

fde-file-extension
fde-file-description IBM AFP form definition data
fde-file-description An fde file extension is related to the IBM AFP form definition data format.

fdf-file-extension
fdf-file-description Adobe Acrobat Portable Document input form
fdf-file-description Files with fdf extension are portable document forms that were created using Adobe Acrobat.

fdff-file-extension
fdff-file-description Fast Duplicate File Finder data
fdff-file-description An fdff file extension is related to the Fast Duplicate File Finder and used for its data files.

fdi-file-extension
fdi-file-description Floppy disk image
fdi-file-description Files with fdi suffix are mostly floppy disc images made for emulators. These emulate old floppy diskettes.

fdk-file-extension
fdk-file-description Fluentizer fluent dictionary
fdk-file-description A file suffix fdk is related to the Fluentizer, an e-learning program. An fdk file contains fluent dictionary.

fdl-file-extension
fdl-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index
fdl-file-description Files with fdl extension an be found as database from Corel Paradox. Secondary index.

fdlang2-file-extension
fdlang2-file-description FeedDemon language resource
fdlang2-file-description A fdlang2 file extension is related to the FeedDemon software for Windows.

fdlang4-file-extension
fdlang4-file-description FeedDemon language resource file
fdlang4-file-description The FDLANG4 file extension is used for FeedDemon language resource files.

fdm-file-extension
fdm-file-description Microsoft Exchange Server form message
fdm-file-description Files with fdm file extension are related to the Microsoft Exchange Server. An fdm file contains form message from Exchange Server.

fdml-file-extension
fdml-file-description Forms Definition Markup Language source code
fdml-file-description An fdml file extension is related to the Forms Definition Markup Language. Probably obsolete.

fdmuplsendtoshlext-file-extension
fdmuplsendtoshlext-file-description Unknown file extension
fdmuplsendtoshlext-file-description Files with fdmuplsendtoshlext file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

fdo-file-extension
fdo-file-description ModelSim script
fdo-file-description Files with fdo file extension are related to the ModelSim script format.

fdoc-file-extension
fdoc-file-description Microsoft XPS document settings
fdoc-file-description An fdoc file extension is related to the Microsoft XPS document file format. An fdoc file stores settings included in XPS archive.

fdp-file-extension
fdp-file-description FMOD Designer project
fdp-file-description Files with fdp suffix are often projects from FMOD Designer, part of FMOD audio content creation platform.

fdpart-file-extension
fdpart-file-description Fresh Download partial downloaded data
fdpart-file-description Files with fdpart file extension might be found as partially downloaded files using Fresh Download program.

fdr-file-extension
fdr-file-description Final Draft document
fdr-file-description Files with fdr file extension can be mainly found as Final Draft documents that contain scriptwriter scripts or similar documents.

fdrp-file-extension
fdrp-file-description Apple macOS (OS X) folder alias
fdrp-file-description An fdrp file extension is related to Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system for Macintosh computers. An fdrp file stores folder alias data.

fdrtemplates-file-extension
fdrtemplates-file-description FDRTools template
fdrtemplates-file-description Am fdrtemplates file extension is related to the FDRTools and used for its template files.

fds-file-extension
fds-file-description FME Desktop custom data
fds-file-description Files with fds file extension can be usually found as some sort of custom files from FME Desktop (Feature Manipulation Engine) software.

fdseq-file-extension
fdseq-file-description XPS document related data
fdseq-file-description An fdseq file extension is related to the XPS document file format (Open XML Paper Specification). An fdseq file is stored in XPS archive and stores various data related to XPS document.

fdsrch2-file-extension
fdsrch2-file-description FeedDemon search data
fdsrch2-file-description An fdsrch2 file extension is used for FeedDemon search data files.

fdt-file-extension
fdt-file-description Final Draft script attributes
fdt-file-description An fdt file extension is related to the Final Draft and used for its script attributes data.

fdu-file-extension
fdu-file-description Natural Security data
fdu-file-description Files with fdu file extension can mainly be found as data files from Natural Security program.

fdw-file-extension
fdw-file-description FEBDOK document
fdw-file-description Files with fdw file extension might be found as documents made in FEDBOK program.

fdx-file-extension
fdx-file-description Final Draft XML document file
fdx-file-description Files with fdx suffix can be mainly found as documents made using Final Draft script writing software.

fdxsl2-file-extension
fdxsl2-file-description FeedDemon newspaper style
fdxsl2-file-description The fdxsl2 file extension is related to the FeedDemon and used for its newspaper style.

fdxsl4-file-extension
fdxsl4-file-description FeedDemon newspaper style file
fdxsl4-file-description The FDXSL4 file extension is used for FeedDemon newspaper style files.

fdxt-file-extension
fdxt-file-description Final Draft 8 template
fdxt-file-description Files with fdxt file extension are templates for Final Draft 8 screenwriting program.

fea-file-extension
fea-file-description Adobe OpenType feature data
fea-file-description A fea file extension is associated with the Adobe OpenType feature files.

feap-file-extension
feap-file-description Enterprise Architect repository
feap-file-description A feap file extension is associated with the Enterprise Architect software, a visual modeling program. A feap file stores repository.

feat-file-extension
feat-file-description Feature chemical modeller data
feat-file-description A feat file extension is associated with the Feature chemical modeler data format.

feature-file-extension
feature-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio SharePoint feature data
feature-file-description A feature file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio, an integrated development tool. A .feature file stores SharePoint feature.

feb-file-extension
feb-file-description Corel WordPerfect figure editor button bar
feb-file-description An feb file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect, a word processor for Windows. An feb file contains figure editor button bar data.

fed-file-extension
fed-file-description FORMIK form data
fed-file-description Files with fed file extension can be usually found as form data files for FORMIK form preparing software.

fedb-file-extension
fedb-file-description ANSYS Workbench data
fedb-file-description An fedb file extension is associated with the ANSYS Workbench platform. An fedb file stores data.

fee-file-extension
fee-file-description Precision Fees fee schedule
fee-file-description A fee file extension is related to the Precision Fees fee schedule file format.

feed-file-extension
feed-file-description JRiver Media Center data
feed-file-description The .feed file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center files. The feed file contains data.

feed-ms-file-extension
feed-ms-file-description Microsoft rss feed store
feed-ms-file-description Files with feed-ms file extension can be most often encountered as files for RSS service based on  Microsoft RSS feed store file format used by Microsoft Internet Explorer 7.

feedback-file-extension
feedback-file-description Blend for Visual Studio feedback
feedback-file-description A feedback file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool.

feedsdb-ms-file-extension
feedsdb-ms-file-description Microsoft RSS feeds store
feedsdb-ms-file-description A feedsdb-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft RSS feeds store file format.

fef-file-extension
fef-file-description Steuer2001 data
fef-file-description Files with fef file extension might be found as part of old German accounting software called Steuer2001.

fem-file-extension
fem-file-description FEFLOW problem settings file
fem-file-description Files with fem suffix may be usually encountered as some kind oif settings from FEFLOW fluid flow modeling software.

fen-file-extension
fen-file-description Forsyth-Edwards notation
fen-file-description Files with fen file extension are used by Forsyth-Edwards Notation format. They are mostly used in chess programs.

feq-file-extension
feq-file-description SuperEQ equalizer settings
feq-file-description A file extension feq is related to the SuperEQ an equalizer plugin for Winamp. An feq file stores settings.

ferp-file-extension
ferp-file-description Apple Extensions Manager preference file
ferp-file-description Detailed description

fes-file-extension
fes-file-description 3D Topicscape file format
fes-file-description A fes file extension is related to the 3D Topicscape file format, developed by 3D-Scape.

fet-file-extension
fet-file-description Free Timetabling Software data
fet-file-description Files with fet file extension can be usually found as some kind of data files from the Free Timetabling Software timetables creator for Windows.

fev-file-extension
fev-file-description FMOD audio settings
fev-file-description Files with fev file extension can be found as audio settings from FMOD proprietary audio library.

fex-file-extension
fex-file-description WebFOCUS FOCUS Web390 procedure data
fex-file-description A fex file extension is related to the WebFOCUS software developed by Information Builders. A fex file contains procedure data.

fext-file-extension
fext-file-description Extensions Manager preferences file
fext-file-description Detailed description

fey-file-extension
fey-file-description FCS Express layout
fey-file-description A fey file extension is related to the FCS Express and used for its layout files.

fez-file-extension
fez-file-description FUND E-Z backup archive
fez-file-description Files with fez file extension might be mostly found as backup archives from Fund E-Z software.

fe_launch-file-extension
fe_launch-file-description FCS Express data
fe_launch-file-description An fe_launch file extension is related to the FCS Express and used for its data files.

ff-file-extension
ff-file-description Call of Duty FastFile format
ff-file-description An ff file extension is related to Call of Duty computer game series. An ff file stores game data.

ff0-file-extension
ff0-file-description RISC OS TIFF bitmap image
ff0-file-description An ff0 file extension is related to the bitmap image format.

ff2-file-extension
ff2-file-description Hello Engines! data
ff2-file-description An ff2 file extension is related to Hello Engines! web pages analysis software. An ff2 file contains various data used by Hello Engines!.

ff6-file-extension
ff6-file-description RISC OS Encapsulated PostScript file
ff6-file-description Files with ff6 extension are used by the RISC OS operating system.

ff9-file-extension
ff9-file-description Acorn RISC OS bitmap image sprite
ff9-file-description Files with ff9 file extension are raster images from Acorn RISC operating system.

ffa-file-extension
ffa-file-description Find Fast Indexer status data
ffa-file-description Files with ffa file extension are related to old Microsoft Office's Find Fast Indexer and used for its status files.

ffapreset-file-extension
ffapreset-file-description Unknown file extension
ffapreset-file-description Files with ffapreset file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ffbeauty-file-extension
ffbeauty-file-description FaceFilter data
ffbeauty-file-description An ffbeauty file extension is related to the FaceFilter, a software for enhance digital photos.

ffblush-file-extension
ffblush-file-description FaceFilter blush data
ffblush-file-description An ffblush file extension is related to the FaceFilter and used for its blush files.

ffc-file-extension
ffc-file-description Westboro Photonics flat field correction data
ffc-file-description An ffc file extension is related to the Westboro Photonics flat field correction file format.

ffcmd-file-extension
ffcmd-file-description Filter Forge data
ffcmd-file-description The ffcmd file extension is related to the Filter Forge a plugin for Adobe Photoshop editor.

ffd-file-extension
ffd-file-description FlashFiler data
ffd-file-description Files with ffd file extension can be mainly found in relation to FlashFiller program.

ffdata-file-extension
ffdata-file-description ABBYY eform document
ffdata-file-description Files with ffdata file extension can be mainly found as special eforms created and used by one or more ABBYY programs.

ffebrow-file-extension
ffebrow-file-description FaceFilter eye brow data
ffebrow-file-description A ffebrow file extension is related to the FaceFilter eye brow files.

ffeiris-file-extension
ffeiris-file-description FaceFilter data
ffeiris-file-description A ffeiris file extension is related to the FaceFilter files.

ffelash-file-extension
ffelash-file-description FaceFilter eye lash data
ffelash-file-description An ffelash file extension is associated with the FaceFilter eye lash files.

ffeline-file-extension
ffeline-file-description FaceFilter eye line file
ffeline-file-description An ffeline file extension is related to the FaceFilter software for Windows and Mac.

ffeshadow-file-extension
ffeshadow-file-description FaceFilter eye shadow file
ffeshadow-file-description The ffeshadow file extension is related to the FaceFilter eye shadow file format.

ffeye-file-extension
ffeye-file-description FaceFilter eye filter
ffeye-file-description The ffeye file extension is related to the FaceFilter and used for its eye files.

fff-file-extension
fff-file-description Hasselblad Camera RAW file format
fff-file-description Files with fff extension can be mostly encountered as digital RAW photographs recorded using Hasselblad digital cameras.

fffilter-file-extension
fffilter-file-description FaceFilter filter data
fffilter-file-description An fffilter file extension is related to the FaceFilter filter files.

fffocuslayer-file-extension
fffocuslayer-file-description FaceFilter data
fffocuslayer-file-description An fffocuslayer file extension is associated with the FaceFilter files.

ffhilight-file-extension
ffhilight-file-description FaceFilter data
ffhilight-file-description An ffhilight file extension is associated with the FaceFilter a digital photo editing application.

ffil-file-extension
ffil-file-description Mac OS X Data Fork Suitcase Format
ffil-file-description An ffil file extension is related to the Mac OS X Data Fork Suitcase Format.

ffindex-file-extension
ffindex-file-description FFmpegSource2 media index
ffindex-file-description An ffindex file extension is related to the FFmpegSource2 media index file format.

ffl-file-extension
ffl-file-description Aliens vs Predator game data
ffl-file-description An ffl file extension is related to the Aliens vs Predator, a 3D action first person shooter computer game. An ffl file contains archive with game data.

ffli-file-extension
ffli-file-description Flickering Flexible Line Interpretation format
ffli-file-description An ffli file extension is associated with Flickering Flexible Line Interpretation format.

fflip-file-extension
fflip-file-description FaceFilter data
fflip-file-description An fflip file extension is related to the FaceFilter files.

ffmakeup-file-extension
ffmakeup-file-description FaceFilter makeup data
ffmakeup-file-description An ffmakeup file extension is related to the FaceFilter makeup files.

ffn-file-extension
ffn-file-description FIFA World Cup game data fe art data
ffn-file-description An ffn file extension is related to the FIFA World Cup video game. An ffn file stores game data.

ffo-file-extension
ffo-file-description Find Fast Indexer document properties cache file
ffo-file-description Files with ffo extension are used by the Microsoft Office as a data file format.

ffp-file-extension
ffp-file-description FLAC fingerprint data
ffp-file-description Files with ffp extension contain information about filename and checksum of related FLAC audio file. So called FLAC Fingerprint files.

ffpreset-file-extension
ffpreset-file-description FFmpeg preset
ffpreset-file-description Files with ffpreset file extension can be found as preset settings for FFmpeg video software.

ffproject-file-extension
ffproject-file-description FaceFilter project
ffproject-file-description An ffproject file extension is related to the FaceFilter a photo editing software. An ffproject file stores project.

ffpx-file-extension
ffpx-file-description Microsoft Fresh Paint picture image
ffpx-file-description An ffpx file extension is commonly used by Microsoft Fresh Paint picture image format.

ffr-file-extension
ffr-file-description FFR compressed archive
ffr-file-description Files with ffr file extension can be encountered as old FFR compressed archives. Probably no way how to decompress them now.

ffs-file-extension
ffs-file-description FME Desktop feature store data
ffs-file-description A ffs file extension is related to the FME Desktop an app used to write data in spatial and non-spatial formats. A ffs file contains feature store.

ffshape-file-extension
ffshape-file-description FaceFilter shape
ffshape-file-description An ffshape file extension is used by FaceFilter digital photo editing tool for Windows and Mac.

ffskin-file-extension
ffskin-file-description FaceFilter skin
ffskin-file-description An ffskin file extension is related to the FaceFilter and used for its skin files.

ffs_batch-file-extension
ffs_batch-file-description FreeFileSync configuration data
ffs_batch-file-description An ffs_batch file extension is related to FreeFileSync configuration files.

ffs_db-file-extension
ffs_db-file-description FreeFileSync database
ffs_db-file-description An ffs_db file extension is related to the FreeFileSync software. An ffs_db file stores data about state of file or folder synchronization.

ffs_gui-file-extension
ffs_gui-file-description FreeFileSync configuration
ffs_gui-file-description An ffs_gui file extension is related to FreeFileSync configuration files.

ffs_real-file-extension
ffs_real-file-description FreeFileSync configuration data
ffs_real-file-description An ffs_real file extension is related to the FreeFileSync configuration files.

fft-file-extension
fft-file-description Find Fast Indexer data
fft-file-description An fft file extension is related to the Find Fast Indexer included in Microsoft Office and used for its data files.

ffteeth-file-extension
ffteeth-file-description FaceFilter teeth data
ffteeth-file-description An ffteeth file extension is related to the FaceFilter a retouching application for Mac and Windows.

ffu-file-extension
ffu-file-description Windows Phone full flash update
ffu-file-description Files with ffu extension can be mostly found as update archives for flashing Windows Phone devices.

ffv-file-extension
ffv-file-description FirstVue data
ffv-file-description Files with ffv file suffix can be mainly found as data files for FirstVue control valve sizing software. However, some viruses also use this extension for their purposes.

ffw-file-extension
ffw-file-description Festo Firmware file
ffw-file-description Files with ffw extension are used by the Festo FCT device probably as a system file format.

ffwp-file-extension
ffwp-file-description FormsForWeb packet
ffwp-file-description An ffwp file extension is related to the FormsForWeb and used for its packet data.

ffx-file-extension
ffx-file-description Find Fast Indexer index
ffx-file-description Files with ffx file extension can be found and index files from Microsoft Office's Find Fast Indexer. Used to speed up loading of the Office files.

ffxml-file-extension
ffxml-file-description Filter Forge data
ffxml-file-description An ffxml file extension is related to the Filter Forge plugin for Adobe Photoshop.

ffxptheme-file-extension
ffxptheme-file-description FlashFXP toolbar theme
ffxptheme-file-description Files with ffxptheme file suffix are related to the FlashFXP toolbar theme.

fg3-file-extension
fg3-file-description FX Graph interactive graph
fg3-file-description An fg3 file extension is related to the FX Graph, a math graphs and plots creating tool. An fg3 file stores interactive graph.

fg5-file-extension
fg5-file-description OASYS GraphPro data
fg5-file-description An fg5 file extension is related to the Fujitsu OASYS GraphPro. An fg5 file stores data.

fga-file-extension
fga-file-description Folder Guard attributes
fga-file-description An fga file is related to the Folder Guard a powerful computer security app. An fga file stores attributes.

fgb-file-extension
fgb-file-description Valve Source SDK data
fgb-file-description Files with fgb file extension might be found as source files from Valve's Half-Life SDK.

fgc-file-extension
fgc-file-description Greeting Card Factory greeting card
fgc-file-description An fgc file extension is related to Greeting Card Factory software. An fgc file stores greeting card.

fgd-file-extension
fgd-file-description Macromedia Director graphic data
fgd-file-description Files with fgd file extension are related to the Macromedia Director (now Adobe Director). An fgd file contains graphic data.

fgdb-file-extension
fgdb-file-description Fontographer for Mac data
fgdb-file-description Files with fgdb extension are used by Fontographer software. An fgdb file stores data.

fgdump-log-file-extension
fgdump-log-file-description Microsoft Windows fgdump data
fgdump-log-file-description An fgdump-log file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system.

fgf-file-extension
fgf-file-description Nav.Net NG Fusker Generator data
fgf-file-description A file extension fgf is related to the Nav.Net NG Fusker Generator. An fgf file stores data.

fgl-file-extension
fgl-file-description Inno Setup component definitions
fgl-file-description An fgl file extension is related to the Inno Setup and used for its component definitions.

fgp-file-extension
fgp-file-description Folder Guard passwords data
fgp-file-description Files with fgp file extension can be found as saved passwords data file from Folder Guard security software.

fgr-file-extension
fgr-file-description FRSGiftRegistry database
fgr-file-description Files with fgr file extension are databases from FRSGiftRegistry program.

fgs-file-extension
fgs-file-description Fig figure settings
fgs-file-description Files with fgs file extension can be found as figure settings for Fig cross-platform data rendering program.

fgt-file-extension
fgt-file-description FreeGantt skeleton file
fgt-file-description Files with fgt suffix appear to be mainly related and used in FreeGantt program, which is used as a free Gantt chart tool. Skeleton file.

fgw-file-extension
fgw-file-description Unknown file extension
fgw-file-description Files with fgw file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

fgz-file-extension
fgz-file-description Formula Graphics standalone presentation archive
fgz-file-description Files with fgz file extension can be found as presentation archives from Formula Graphics.

fh-file-extension
fh-file-description Adobe FreeHand image
fh-file-description An fh file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand, a vector graphics editing tool. An fh file stores vector graphics image.

fh10-file-extension
fh10-file-description Adobe FreeHand 10 drawing
fh10-file-description Files with the fh10 file extension may be generally found as drawings created and saved using the Adobe FreeHand software which has been discontinued years ago.

fh11-file-extension
fh11-file-description Adobe FreeHand 11 drawing
fh11-file-description An fh11 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand, a 2D vector graphics editing software and used for its drawing files.

fh12-file-extension
fh12-file-description Adobe FreeHand drawing
fh12-file-description An fh12 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand drawing file format. Obsolete software and file format.

fh2-file-extension
fh2-file-description Adobe FreeHand drawing
fh2-file-description An fh2 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand drawing file format.

fh3-file-extension
fh3-file-description Adobe FreeHand drawing
fh3-file-description An fh3 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand drawing file format.

fh4-file-extension
fh4-file-description Adobe FreeHand drawing
fh4-file-description An fh4 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand drawing file format.

fh40-file-extension
fh40-file-description Adobe FreeHand for Mac file
fh40-file-description Detailed description

fh5-file-extension
fh5-file-description Adobe FreeHand drawing
fh5-file-description An fh5 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand drawing file format.

fh50-file-extension
fh50-file-description Adobe Freehand creator code
fh50-file-description The fh50 file extension is related to the Adobe Freehand creator code files.

fh6-file-extension
fh6-file-description Adobe FreeHand drawing
fh6-file-description Files with fh6 file extension was created by old vector drawing application called FreeHand.

fh7-file-extension
fh7-file-description Adobe FreeHand 7 drawing
fh7-file-description An fh7 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand drawing file format.

fh8-file-extension
fh8-file-description Adobe FreeHand 8 drawing
fh8-file-description Files with fh8 file extension can be found as drawings created using the old Adobe FreeHand version 8.

fh9-file-extension
fh9-file-description Adobe FreeHand 9 drawing
fh9-file-description Files with fh9 extension can be primarily found as vector drawings created in Adobe FreeHand version 9.

fha3-file-extension
fha3-file-description Adobe Freehand for Mac file
fha3-file-description Detailed description

fhc-file-extension
fhc-file-description Adobe FreeHand data
fhc-file-description An fhc file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand and used for its data files.

fhd-file-extension
fhd-file-description Adobe FreeHand vector drawing
fhd-file-description An fhd file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand, a vector drawing program. An fhd file stores vector drawing.

fhd3-file-extension
fhd3-file-description ADobe FreeHand data
fhd3-file-description An fhd3 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand and used for its data files.

fhe-file-extension
fhe-file-description Singer Futura embroidery format
fhe-file-description Files with fhe file extension are embroideries for Singer Futura sewing machines.

fhf-file-extension
fhf-file-description Free Hide Folder data
fhf-file-description Files with fhf file extension might be found as part of Free Hide Folder security software. Data files.

fhlp-file-extension
fhlp-file-description Fetch help data
fhlp-file-description Files with fhlp file extension can be found as old "Fetch Help" files. Seems old and no longer used format.

fhm-file-extension
fhm-file-description ASIP Meister data
fhm-file-description An fhm file extension is related to the ASIP Meister, a software for designing Application Specific Instruction-set Processors.

fhq-file-extension
fhq-file-description Family Historian query
fhq-file-description An fhq file extension is related to the Family Historian and used for its query files.

fhr-file-extension
fhr-file-description Family Historian report
fhr-file-description An fhr file extension is related to the Family Historian software for Windows.

fhs-file-extension
fhs-file-description Adobe Flash XML skin
fhs-file-description Files with fhs file extension are used for the Adobe Flash, they include skin settings.

fht-file-extension
fht-file-description Family Historian text scheme
fht-file-description An fht file extension is related to the Family Historian text scheme format.

fhtml-file-extension
fhtml-file-description Macromedia HTML document
fhtml-file-description An fhtml file extension is related to the Macromedia HTML format.

fhx-file-extension
fhx-file-description DeltaV configuration
fhx-file-description An fhx file extension is related to the DeltaV digital automation system. An fhx file stores configuration data.

fhz-file-extension
fhz-file-description Adobe Robohelp ZIP compressed skin file
fhz-file-description Files with fhz extension are used for Adobe Robohelp. They include fla and fhs extension files data.

fh_proj-file-extension
fh_proj-file-description Family Historian data
fh_proj-file-description An fh_proj file extension is related to the Family Historian software.

fi-file-extension
fi-file-description Flash Image image
fi-file-description Files with fi file extension can be mostly found as bitmap images.

fib-file-extension
fib-file-description File Investigator file
fib-file-description Files with fib extension are used for File Investigator.

fic-file-extension
fic-file-description WINDEV hyper file database
fic-file-description Files with fic file extension might be found as databases from WinDev development.

fid-file-extension
fid-file-description Microsoft Windows index
fid-file-description Files with fid file extension can be found as index files in Microsoft Windows operating system.

fido-file-extension
fido-file-description Kodak Cineon image format
fido-file-description Files with fido extension are used by Kodak Cineon and they are created by the Kodak's Cineon film system.

fidx-file-extension
fidx-file-description Fact200 main index
fidx-file-description The fidx file extension is related to the Fact200 software and used for its main index files.

fif-file-extension
fif-file-description Fractal Image Format
fif-file-description Files with fif file extension can be usually encountered as fractal generated pictures saved in the Fractal Image Format.

fiff-file-extension
fiff-file-description Elekta Neuromag data
fiff-file-description An fiff file extension is related to the Elekta Neuromag magnetoencephalographic data format. Probably obsolete format.

fig-file-extension
fig-file-description Lahey Fortran linker options data
fig-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe FIG file extension!

fih-file-extension
fih-file-description File Investigator data
fih-file-description Files with fih file extension might be found as part of old File Investigator software.

fil-file-extension
fil-file-description Application Generator template
fil-file-description There are 14 other file types  usingthe FIL file extension!

file-file-extension
file-file-description Generic data
file-file-description Files with file extension are usually just a generic files, or files without file extension. These can be used by various apps and operating systems.

file0locked-file-extension
file0locked-file-description Evil ransomware affected file
file0locked-file-description Files with file0locked suffix were affected and encrypted by the Evil ransomware that also changed the original suffix to this one.

filegroup-file-extension
filegroup-file-description Unknown file extension
filegroup-file-description Files with filegroup file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

fileloc-file-extension
fileloc-file-description Apple Finder internet location
fileloc-file-description Files with fileloc extension can be typically found on Mac computers and are related to Finder file manager app.

filelock-file-extension
filelock-file-description FileLock data
filelock-file-description Files with filelock file extension are related to the FileLock encrypted data format.

filepart-file-extension
filepart-file-description WinSCP temporary transfer data
filepart-file-description Files with .filepart file extension can be mainly found temporary files that contain partially transferred file up until it is finished, after that the original extension is renamed.

filetablelock-file-extension
filetablelock-file-description Eclipse lock data
filetablelock-file-description A filetablelock file extension is related to the Eclipse IDE. A filetablelock file stores some kind of permission data.

file_crcs-file-extension
file_crcs-file-description Electronic Arts Origin client data
file_crcs-file-description Files with file_crcs file extension are data files for Origin game client from Electronic Arts.

fill-file-extension
fill-file-description CorelDraw vector pattern fill
fill-file-description A fill file extension is related to the CorelDraw, a vector editor for Windows and Mac. A fill file stores vector pattern fill.

film-file-extension
film-file-description Filmkey Player media data
film-file-description A film file extension is related to the protected Video on Demand used by Filmkey.

filp-file-extension
filp-file-description XWE data
filp-file-description A filp file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

filter-file-extension
filter-file-description Unknown file extension
filter-file-description Files with filter file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

filters-file-extension
filters-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio C++ project filter
filters-file-description Files with filters file extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio development environment.

fim-file-extension
fim-file-description Construsyc/Instasyc data
fim-file-description A fim file extension is related to the Construsyc and Instasyc from Mega Software y comunicaciones S.L.

fin-file-extension
fin-file-description Sapir Torah text
fin-file-description Files with fin extension may be found as special documents created in Sapir Torah text editing tool for Torah (Hebrew) language.

finaldrivenitrosavedgame-file-extension
finaldrivenitrosavedgame-file-description Final Drive Nitro saved game
finaldrivenitrosavedgame-file-description The finaldrivenitrosavedgame file extension is related to the  Final Drive Nitro saved game files.

fingnet-file-extension
fingnet-file-description Fing saved network information
fingnet-file-description A fingnet file extension is commonly used by Fing, a software that allows users to monitor networks.

fins-file-extension
fins-file-description Autodesk Inventor data
fins-file-description A fins file extension is associated with the Autodesk Inventor data format.

fio-file-extension
fio-file-description Aldus PhotoStyler graphics filter
fio-file-description An fio file extension is related to the Aluds PhotoStyler and used for its graphics filter files.

fipv-file-extension
fipv-file-description NinjaCopier application
fipv-file-description An fipv file extension is related to the NinjaCopier software and used for its app files.

fir-file-extension
fir-file-description Canon Digital Camera EOS firmware
fir-file-description Files with fir extension can be usually found as firmware updates for certain models of Canon EOS digital cameras.

fire-file-extension
fire-file-description FireStarter project
fire-file-description A fire file extension is related to the Firestarter, a web designing software. A .fire file contains web project.

firmware-file-extension
firmware-file-description WOW! firmware
firmware-file-description Files with firmware extension can be found as part of the WOW! program for Windows.

first-file-extension
first-file-description Formatted text
first-file-description Files with first file extension can be found as specially formatted text files. Viewable in any text editor.

fis-file-extension
fis-file-description Dynamite VSP feature interpretation style
fis-file-description Files with fis extension can be found as saved  feature interpretation styles from Dynamite VSP program.

fish-file-extension
fish-file-description 3D Fish Tank data
fish-file-description A fish file extension is related to the 3D Fish Tank and used for its data files.

fishtank-file-extension
fishtank-file-description 3D Fish Tank tank
fishtank-file-description A fishtank file extension is related to the 3D Fish Tank tank files.

fit-file-extension
fit-file-description Garmin Training Center user activity profile
fit-file-description Files with fit file extension can be usually found by users of Garmin Training Center. These are used for activity files that contain logged user's physical activity.

fitreg-file-extension
fitreg-file-description netfabb Basic data
fitreg-file-description A fitreg file extension is related to the netfabb Basic software for Windows.

fits-file-extension
fits-file-description Flexible Image Transport System
fits-file-description A fits file extension is associated with the Flexible Image Transport System a standard format for astronomy images. Ae fits file stores picture image.

fiv-file-extension
fiv-file-description File Investigator database
fiv-file-description A fiv file extension is associated with the File Investigator program. A fiv file contains database.

fix-file-extension
fix-file-description Patch
fix-file-description Files with fix file extension could be found especially in the past as various patches or fixes.

fiz-file-extension
fiz-file-description FITS graphics data
fiz-file-description The fiz file extension is related to the FITS graphics format used by FITSview and others.

fj3-file-extension
fj3-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 worksheet
fj3-file-description Files with file suffix fj3 are associated with the Lotus 1-2-3 worksheet format.

fjb-file-extension
fjb-file-description Furcadia settings
fjb-file-description An fjb file extension is related to the Furcadia computer game. An fjb file stores settings.

fjk-file-extension
fjk-file-description I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream game data
fjk-file-description Files with fjk file extension can be found as data files from  I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream video game.

fjl-file-extension
fjl-file-description Rootkit.Win32.Agent.fjl virus data
fjl-file-description An fjl file extension is related to the Rootkit.Win32.Agent.fjl malware. An fjl file stores data.

fjsw-file-extension
fjsw-file-description Formulator Tarsia jigsaw puzzle file
fjsw-file-description Files with fjsw file extension can be found as jigsaw puzzles made using the Formulator Tarsia math e-learning tool.

fjv-file-extension
fjv-file-description iGO Primo map related data
fjv-file-description An fjv file extension is related to the iGO Primo, a GPS navigation device and navigation software.

fjw-file-extension
fjw-file-description iGo junction view data
fjw-file-description An fjw file extension is related to the iGO junction view file format.

fkc-file-extension
fkc-file-description FBackup catalog
fkc-file-description Files with fkc file extension can be found as backup catalogs from FBackup data backup solution.

fkd-file-extension
fkd-file-description FotoKiss Photo Set data
fkd-file-description An fkd file extension is related to the FotoKiss Photo Set data file format.

fkt-file-extension
fkt-file-description KmPlot data
fkt-file-description An fkt file extension is related tot he KmPlot for KDE and used for its data files.

fky-file-extension
fky-file-description Visual FoxPro macro
fky-file-description An fky file extension is related to the Visual FoxPro and used for its macro files.

fl-file-extension
fl-file-description Adobe Flash project
fl-file-description An fl file extension is related to the Adobe Flash a multimedia platform used to create animations, vector graphics, games etc. and used for its project files.

fl3-file-extension
fl3-file-description Adobe Photoshop Extended Flash 3D object
fl3-file-description An fl3 file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Extended, an image editing tool for Windows and Mac. An fl3 file contains Flash 3D object.

flag-file-extension
flag-file-description FlagMaker document
flag-file-description A flag file extension is related to the FlagMaker tool for Microsoft Windows operating system.

flame-file-extension
flame-file-description Fractal Flame fractal parameter
flame-file-description Files with flame file extension seems to be mostly related to special fractal parameter files, originally from the Fractal Flame application.

flashfxp_picon-file-extension
flashfxp_picon-file-description Unknown file extension
flashfxp_picon-file-description Files with flashfxp_picon file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

flat-file-extension
flat-file-description Flat data file
flat-file-description A flat file extension is related to flat files that contains static document, spreadsheet, or textual record.

flb-file-extension
flb-file-description Papyrus Format Library
flb-file-description Files with flb file extension can be usually found as special libraries for PAPYRUS bibliography system.

flc-file-extension
flc-file-description AutoDesk FLIC format
flc-file-description An flc file extension is related to the AutoDesk FLIC format used to store images and frames.

fld-file-extension
fld-file-description WinFlash Educator options and statistic data
fld-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe FLD file extension!

fle-file-extension
fle-file-description Scanner settings
fle-file-description Files with fle file extension can be usually encountered as as settings file for some older scanner devices, for example the Op9630.

flex-file-extension
flex-file-description Flexi Data Smoothing data
flex-file-description Files with flex file extension are related to the Flexi Data Smoothing data format.

flexolibrary-file-extension
flexolibrary-file-description Final Cut Pro or Apple iMovie library
flexolibrary-file-description A file extension flexolibrary is related to the Final Cut Pro and Apple iMovie video software and is used in their video library packages.

flf-file-extension
flf-file-description FLAMES license data
flf-file-description An flf file extension is related to the FLAMES, a COTS software. An flf file contains license data.

flg-file-extension
flg-file-description MicroSim PCBoard log
flg-file-description An flg file extension is related to the MicroSim PCBoard and used for its log files.

flh-file-extension
flh-file-description Flash Video High Definition file
flh-file-description Files with flh extension are used as a special video format file.

fli-file-extension
fli-file-description Autodesk Animator FLIC animation (old format)
fli-file-description A fli file extension is related to the Autodesk Animator software and used for its animation format (old version).

flib-file-extension
flib-file-description Foxit Reader data
flib-file-description An flib file extension is related to the Foxit Reader, a PDF management tool for Windows.

flic-file-extension
flic-file-description Autodesk Animator FLIC animation
flic-file-description A flic file extension is associated with the Autodesk Animator and used for its FLIC animation files.

flif-file-extension
flif-file-description Free Lossless Image Format
flif-file-description A flif file extension is related to the FLIF (Free Lossless Image Format) an advanced compression format for digital picture images.

flinstaller-file-extension
flinstaller-file-description FL Studio installer data
flinstaller-file-description An flinstaller file extension is related to the FL Studio and used for its installer files.

flipchart-file-extension
flipchart-file-description ActivInspire flipchart presentation
flipchart-file-description Files with flipchart file extension can be typically found as flipchart presentations created for use on ActivInspire family of products.

fli_-file-extension
fli_-file-description Autodesk Animator FLIC animation old format
fli_-file-description A fli_ file extension is related to the Autodesk Animator FLIC animation old format. Autodesk Animator is also obsolete program.

flk-file-extension
flk-file-description Folder Lock encrypted data
flk-file-description Files with flk file extension can mainly be found as encrypted files protected by the Folder Lock program.

flka-file-extension
flka-file-description Folder Lock encrypted portable folder
flka-file-description Files with flka file extension can be mostly found as encrypted archives protected by the Folder Lock data protection tool.

flkb-file-extension
flkb-file-description Folder Lock encrypted folder
flkb-file-description Files with flkb file extension can be found as encrypted folders that contain securely archived multimedia or documents protected by a password.

flkey-file-extension
flkey-file-description Fruity Loops Studio data
flkey-file-description An flkey file extension is related to the Fruity Loops Studio files.

flkw-file-extension
flkw-file-description Folder Lock encrypted file
flkw-file-description Files with flkw suffix can be found as encrypted files protected by the Folder Lock utility.

fll-file-extension
fll-file-description Micrografx Designer image fill pattern
fll-file-description Files with fll extension were used by Micrografx Designer. They contain image fill patterns which are used by the application.

flm-file-extension
flm-file-description AutoCAD film roll data
flm-file-description An flm file extension is related to the AutoCAD a CAD modeling tool for Windows and Mac. An flm file contains film roll data.

flmod-file-extension
flmod-file-description Freelancer game archive
flmod-file-description Files with flmod file extension can be found as game data archives for Freelance space combat simulator. Contains game data.

fln-file-extension
fln-file-description Flight Plan data
fln-file-description An fln file extension is related to the Xmap, a GIS software for Windows.

flo-file-extension
flo-file-description Micrografx FlowCharter flowchart data
flo-file-description Files with flo extension can be usually encountered as flow charts from Micrografx FlowCharter modeling tool for business processes and RFFlow program.

flog-file-extension
flog-file-description Unknown file extension
flog-file-description Files with flog file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

floq-file-extension
floq-file-description Unknown file extension
floq-file-description Files with floq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

flow-file-extension
flow-file-description FLOW structured data definition
flow-file-description A .flow file extension is related to the FLOW structured data definition file format.

flowmaplibrary-file-extension
flowmaplibrary-file-description Corel Painter flowmap library
flowmaplibrary-file-description A flowmaplibrary file extension is related to the Corel Painter and used for its flowmap library files.

flp-file-extension
flp-file-description Floppy disk image
flp-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe FLP file extension!

flr-file-extension
flr-file-description Netscape Live3D data
flr-file-description An flr file extension is related to the Netscape Live3D files.

fls-file-extension
fls-file-description Adobe Flash Lite sound bundle
fls-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe FLS file extension!

flst-file-extension
flst-file-description Fetch bookmark
flst-file-description An flst file extension is related to Fetch transfer client for the Apple Mac. An flst file stores bookmark.

flt-file-extension
flt-file-description Autodesk Animator FLIC animation
flt-file-description There are 15 other file types  usingthe FLT file extension!

flt3-file-extension
flt3-file-description Adobe filter file
flt3-file-description Detailed description

fltr-file-extension
fltr-file-description XTND filter data
fltr-file-description An fltr file extension is related to the XTND software. An fltr file contains filter data.

flux-file-extension
flux-file-description FluxTime Studio clip
flux-file-description A flux file extension is related to the FluxTime Studio an animation software. A .flux file stores clip created in the FluxTime.

fluxpackage-file-extension
fluxpackage-file-description Unknown file extension
fluxpackage-file-description Files with fluxpackage file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

flvat-file-extension
flvat-file-description Downloaded Flash video
flvat-file-description An flvat file extension is sometimes used by a flash video downloaders. File contains flash video files downloaded from internet.

flve-file-extension
flve-file-description someDecriptor data
flve-file-description An flve file extension is related to the someDecriptor file format.

flvp-file-extension
flvp-file-description Unknown file extension
flvp-file-description Files with flvp file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

flw-file-extension
flw-file-description Freelance flowchart
flw-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe FLW file extension!

flwa-file-extension
flwa-file-description Folder Lock wallet
flwa-file-description Files with flwa file extension are used by the Folder Lock application. They contain some kind of personal data.

flx-file-extension
flx-file-description FLIC animation file
flx-file-description Files with flx suffix may be found as animations in so called FLIC format, a slight change from the standard Autodesk DLC format.

fly-file-extension
fly-file-description Digiflyer e-mail document
fly-file-description Files with fly extension might be found as e-mail documents from Digiflyer Studio program.

flz-file-extension
flz-file-description MediaShow data
flz-file-description A flz file extension is related to the MediaShow from Cyberlink and used for its data files.

fm-file-extension
fm-file-description FileMaker Pro database
fm-file-description Files with fm extension can be as databases saved using FileMaker Pro relational database management system.

fm1-file-extension
fm1-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 release 2.x spreadsheet
fm1-file-description An fm1 file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3, spreadsheet editor from IBM. An fm1 file stores spreadsheet.

fm2-file-extension
fm2-file-description FCEUX movie
fm2-file-description An fm2 file extension is associated with the FCEUX media player. An fm2 file contains video data.

fm3-file-extension
fm3-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 version 3.x spreadsheet
fm3-file-description Files with fm3 suffix can be mainly found as old spreadsheets from Lotus 1-2-3 version 3. Somewhat obsolete format.

fm5-file-extension
fm5-file-description FileMaker 5 database
fm5-file-description An fm5 file extension is related to the FileMaker, a relational database management program. An fm5 file contains database.

fma-file-extension
fma-file-description PermitMD Forms Mgr Agent file
fma-file-description Files with fma suffix can be in most cases found as part of the PermitMD software developed by MDCCI.

fmap-file-extension
fmap-file-description Family Atlas pulbished family map file
fmap-file-description Files with fmap extension are used for the Family Atlas. They include saved family maps and data to show historical information.

fmb-file-extension
fmb-file-description Oracle Forms binary source code
fmb-file-description Files with fmb extension are related to the Oracle Forms, an application used to quickly create user-interface applications which access an Oracle database. An fmb file stores binary source code.

fmc-file-extension
fmc-file-description Barudan embroidery design
fmc-file-description Files with fmc extension can be found as somewhat older embroidery designs mainly from Barudan machines.

fmcf-file-extension
fmcf-file-description Adobe Type Manager preferences data
fmcf-file-description An fmcf file extension is related to the Adobe Type Manager and used for its preferences files. Probably obsolete.

fmd-file-extension
fmd-file-description Microsoft Access data
fmd-file-description An fmd file extension is related to the Microsoft Access a database management system.

fmdb-file-extension
fmdb-file-description BUILD-QUANT object database
fmdb-file-description An fmdb file extension is related to the BUILD-QUANT and used for its object database files.

fme-file-extension
fme-file-description FME mapping data
fme-file-description Files with fme file extension are related to the FME Desktop software and used for its mapping data.

fmedb-file-extension
fmedb-file-description Foto-Mosaik-Edda mosaic database
fmedb-file-description An fmedb file extension is related to Foto-Mosaik-Edda software. An fmedb files store pictures database used for photo mosaic creation.

fmelic-file-extension
fmelic-file-description FME license file
fmelic-file-description Detailed description

fmf-file-extension
fmf-file-description FaxMan Jr fax document
fmf-file-description An fmf file extension is related to the FaxMan, a software for manage fax messages on computer. An fmf file stores fax document.

fmh-file-extension
fmh-file-description Unknown file extension
fmh-file-description Files with fmh file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

fmi-file-extension
fmi-file-description FME Workbench mapping file
fmi-file-description Files with fmi extension are used by the FME DESKTOP utility. These are some various data used for internal purposes.

fmj-file-extension
fmj-file-description FaceMorpher project file
fmj-file-description Files with fmj extension are used by the FaceMorpher software. They include some bitmap graphics data.

fmk-file-extension
fmk-file-description Fortran PowerStation make data
fmk-file-description Files with fmk file extension ware in the past used for make files created with Microsoft Fortran PowerStation. Obsolete file format, no longer used.

fmk%24-file-extension
fmk%24-file-description FileMaker for Mac data
fmk%24-file-description An fmk$ file extension is related to the FileMaker software and used for its data files.

fmk4-file-extension
fmk4-file-description FileMaker for Mac file
fmk4-file-description Detailed description

fml-file-extension
fml-file-description GetRight file mirror list
fml-file-description Files with fml file extension can be found as file mirror list from GetRight internet download manager.

fmo-file-extension
fmo-file-description dBASE IV compiled format
fmo-file-description An fmo file extension is related to the dBASE IV, a relational database management program. An fmo file stores compiled data.

fmod-file-extension
fmod-file-description Adobe Illustrator flattening module
fmod-file-description An fmod file extension is associated with the Adobe Illustrator, a vector drawing program for Windows and Mac. An fmod file stores flattening module.

fmp-file-extension
fmp-file-description AutoCAD font map settings
fmp-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe FMP file extension!

fmp12-file-extension
fmp12-file-description FileMaker Pro database
fmp12-file-description Files with fmp12 file extension might be mostly found as databases from FileMaker database software.

fmp3-file-extension
fmp3-file-description FileMaker Pro for Mac document
fmp3-file-description An fmp3 file extension is related to the FileMaker Pro for Apple Mac computers. An fmp3 file contains document.

fmplugin-file-extension
fmplugin-file-description FileMaker Pro plug-in
fmplugin-file-description An fmplugin file extension is related to the FileMaker Pro and used for its plug-in files.

fmpp-file-extension
fmpp-file-description FLAMES model prototype
fmpp-file-description An fmpp file extension is related to the FLAMES modeling and simulation application. An fmpp file contains model prototype data.

fmpr-file-extension
fmpr-file-description FileMaker Pro Mac data
fmpr-file-description An fmpr file extension is related to FileMaker Pro for Apple Mac computers. An fmpr file contains database.

fmpsl-file-extension
fmpsl-file-description FileMaker Pro 12 database snapshot
fmpsl-file-description Files with fmpsl suffix can be found as snapshots of databases from FileMaker Pro relation database app for Mac and Windows.

fmpur-file-extension
fmpur-file-description FileMaker Pro runtime solution
fmpur-file-description Files with fmpur file extension are associated with the FileMaker Pro and used for its runtime solutions.

fmr-file-extension
fmr-file-description Pro/ENGINEER data
fmr-file-description Files with fmr file extension might also be found as part of Pro/Engineer software.

fms-file-extension
fms-file-description Lotus Freelance Graphics data
fms-file-description File extension fms is related to the Lotus Freelance Graphics presentation software and used for one of its data files.

fmsh-file-extension
fmsh-file-description Autodesk Inventor mesh
fmsh-file-description Files with fmsh file suffix are related to the Autodesk Inventor mesh model format.

fmt-file-extension
fmt-file-description Database format
fmt-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe FMT file extension!

fmtr-file-extension
fmtr-file-description FileMaker transfer file
fmtr-file-description The .fmtr file extension is related to the FileMaker a database app and used for its transfer files.

fmu-file-extension
fmu-file-description Functional Mock-up Unit data
fmu-file-description An fmu file extension is related to the Functional Mock-up Unit data format.

fmv-file-extension
fmv-file-description Bink Tools Full Motion Video
fmv-file-description An fmv file extension is related to the Bink Tools Full Motion Video file format.

fmw-file-extension
fmw-file-description FME workspace
fmw-file-description An fmw file extension is related to the FME DESKTOP (Feature Manipulation Engine).

fmx-file-extension
fmx-file-description Oracle executable form
fmx-file-description An fmx file extension is related to Oracle Forms software used to access to Oracle Database and generate forms. An fmx file stores executable form that run independent by the forms runtime module.

fmxlist-file-extension
fmxlist-file-description FME Transformer List File
fmxlist-file-description Files with FMXLIST extension might be found as list files from Feature Manipulation Engine. Transformer list file.

fmxt-file-extension
fmxt-file-description FileMaker Pro mac file type
fmxt-file-description Detailed description

fmz-file-extension
fmz-file-description form-Z project
fmz-file-description Files with fmz extension are projects from AutoDesSys Form-Z program.

fn3-file-extension
fn3-file-description Harvard Graphics 3.0 font
fn3-file-description An fn3 file extension is related to the Harvard Graphics and used for its font files.

fna-file-extension
fna-file-description FASTA DNA and protein sequence alignment
fna-file-description An fna file extension is related to the FASTA, a DNA and protein sequence alignment software. An fna file contains protein sequence alignment.

fnb-file-extension
fnb-file-description 1st Publisher font
fnb-file-description An fnb file extension is related to the 1st Publisher software. An fnb file contains font.

fnbk-file-extension
fnbk-file-description Food Network Recipe Manager recipe data
fnbk-file-description An fnbk file extension is related to the Food Network Recipe Manager and used for its data files.

fnc-file-extension
fnc-file-description Frogans network certificate
fnc-file-description An fnc file extension is related to the Frogans Network Certificate format.

fnd-file-extension
fnd-file-description Microsoft Windows Explorer saved search data
fnd-file-description An fnd file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Explorer (a file management tool) and used for its saved search files.

fndr-file-extension
fndr-file-description Xmap for Mac data
fndr-file-description An fndr file extension is related to the Xmap for Apple Mac computers.

fnet-file-extension
fnet-file-description FileMaker network data
fnet-file-description An fnet file extension is associated with the FileMaker Pro and used for its network files.

fnf-file-extension
fnf-file-description Forte notation file
fnf-file-description Files with fnf suffix can be usually found as music notation files from Forte score writing software.

fng-file-extension
fng-file-description Font Navigator data
fng-file-description An fng file extension is related to the Font Navigator files.

fni-file-extension
fni-file-description FileNet IDM Viewer data
fni-file-description An fni file extension is related to the FileNet IDM Viewer developed by IBM.

fnk-file-extension
fnk-file-description FunkTracker module file
fnk-file-description An fnk file extension is related to the FunkTracker audio composer. An fnk file stores audio.

fnl-file-extension
fnl-file-description Microsoft Live Mesh data
fnl-file-description Files with fnl file extension might also be found as part of Microsoft Live Mesh cloud service.

fnlf-file-extension
fnlf-file-description Novation license
fnlf-file-description Files with fnlf extension can be found as license files for Novation Automap software. Contains info about the user's license.

fnm-file-extension
fnm-file-description Apache Lucene field data file
fnm-file-description Files with fnm file extension can be mainly found as part of Apache Lucene. Field info files.

fnn-file-extension
fnn-file-description MS-DOS screen text font
fnn-file-description An fnn file extension is related to the MS-DOS and other DOS-like operating systems. An fnn file contains screen text font.

fno-file-extension
fno-file-description Folio Infobase file
fno-file-description Files with fno extension are associated with an old program Infobase.

fnp-file-extension
fnp-file-description IBM FileNet IDM Desktop settings
fnp-file-description An fnp file extension is related to the IBM FileNet IDM Desktop settings files.

fnr-file-extension
fnr-file-description Trojan-Dropper.Win32.Flystud.lc. data
fnr-file-description An fnr file extension is related to the Trojan-Dropper.Win32.Flystud.lc. malware.

fns-file-extension
fns-file-description Apple FontSyncScripting font profile
fns-file-description An fns file extension is related to the Apple FontSyncScripting font profile format used by OS X (macOS).

fnsp-file-extension
fnsp-file-description Apple FontSync script
fnsp-file-description An fnsp file extension is associated with the Apple FontSync and used for its script files.

fnt-file-extension
fnt-file-description Font
fnt-file-description An fnt file extension is related to some sort of font formats used by old version of Windows, Linux, Unix etc.

fnta-file-extension
fnta-file-description Marathon 2 Aleph One font file
fnta-file-description Detailed description

fnw-file-extension
fnw-file-description FLARENET model data
fnw-file-description Files with fnw file suffix are related to the FLARENET model data format.

fnx-file-extension
fnx-file-description Fenix Key data
fnx-file-description An fnx file extension is related to the Fenix Key software for unlock Nokia BB5 phones.

fo-file-extension
fo-file-description XSL-FO form
fo-file-description An fo file extension is related to the XSL-FO (Extensible Stylesheet Language - Formatting Objects). An fo file stores form.

fo1-file-extension
fo1-file-description Borland Turbo C font
fo1-file-description An fo1 file extension is related to the Borland Turbo C development tool. An fo1 file stores font.

fo2-file-extension
fo2-file-description Borland Turbo C font
fo2-file-description An fo2 file extension is related to the Borland Turbo C and used for its font files.

fob-file-extension
fob-file-description Microsoft Dynamics NAV (Navision) attain object
fob-file-description A fob file extension is related to the Microsoft Navision (Dynamics NAV) and used for its attain objects.

foc-file-extension
foc-file-description FOCUS database
foc-file-description A foc file extension is related to the FOCUS, a reporting software. A foc file contains database.

fod-file-extension
fod-file-description EZ-Forms ULTRA data
fod-file-description A fod file extension is related to the EZ-Forms and used for its data files.

fodg-file-extension
fodg-file-description OpenDocument Flat XML drawing
fodg-file-description A fodg file extension is related to OpenOffice.org and LibreOffice. A fodg file stores drawing file in XML file format.

fodp-file-extension
fodp-file-description OpenDocument Flat XML presentation
fodp-file-description A fodp file extension is related to the OpenDocument Flat XML presentation file format.

fods-file-extension
fods-file-description OpenDocument Flat XML spreadsheet
fods-file-description A fods file extension is related to the OpenDocument Flat XML spreadsheet format.

fodt-file-extension
fodt-file-description OpenDocument Flat XML document
fodt-file-description Files with fodt file extension can be typically encountered as documents saved in OpenDocument Flat XML document in any of the OpenDocument schema based productivity suites, such as OpenOffice.org or LibreOffice.

fof-file-extension
fof-file-description EZ-Forms filled out form
fof-file-description A fof file extension is related to the EZ-Forms, a forms creating program. A fof file stores filled out form.

fog-file-extension
fog-file-description Fontographer font database file
fog-file-description Files with fog file extension can be found as font databases prepared and saved using Fontographer software.

fog4-file-extension
fog4-file-description Fontographer 4 data
fog4-file-description A fog4 file extension is related to the Fontographer 4 and used for its data files.

fol-file-extension
fol-file-description Microsoft Windows Mail folder
fol-file-description A fol file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows Mail, an e-mail client for Windows operating system. A fol file is used to store user's folder settings that he created in the Windows Mail.

folder-file-extension
folder-file-description Microsoft Windows Explorer folder data
folder-file-description A folder file extension is related to some sort of the registry keys in Microsoft Windows registry.

folder.metadata-file-extension
folder.metadata-file-description Portal Structure Markup Language folder data
folder.metadata-file-description A folder.metadata file extension is related to the Portal Structure Markup Language folder file format.

foldersharelibrary-file-extension
foldersharelibrary-file-description Unknown file extension
foldersharelibrary-file-description Files with foldersharelibrary file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

foldershareoverlayadded-file-extension
foldershareoverlayadded-file-description Microsoft FolderShare file
foldershareoverlayadded-file-description Files with foldershareoverlayadded file extension are used by Microsoft FolderShare for Windows.

foldershareoverlaychanged-file-extension
foldershareoverlaychanged-file-description Unknown file extension
foldershareoverlaychanged-file-description Files with foldershareoverlaychanged file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

foldershareoverlaydeleted-file-extension
foldershareoverlaydeleted-file-description Unknown file extension
foldershareoverlaydeleted-file-description Files with foldershareoverlaydeleted file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

foli-file-extension
foli-file-description Foliaro data
foli-file-description A foli file extension is related to the Foliaro program developed by Burgiona Softlaborejo. A foli file contains data.

folio-file-extension
folio-file-description Adobe Digital Publishing Suite folio data
folio-file-description A folio file extension is related to the Adobe Digital Publishing Suite. A .folio file contains some kind of data.

fom-file-extension
fom-file-description EZ-Forms fill out master form
fom-file-description A fom file extension is related to the EZ-Forms Fill Out Master Form format.

fomod-file-extension
fomod-file-description Nexus Manager mod file
fomod-file-description Files with fomod extension can be commonly found inside used mods for Fallout or Elder Scrolls computer games. You will need a special manager to load them.

fon-file-extension
fon-file-description Microsoft Windows bitmap font
fon-file-description A fon file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system and used for its font files.

font-file-extension
font-file-description Font data
font-file-description Files with font file extension are related to the Font data format used by Unix platform.

fonts-file-extension
fonts-file-description Font
fonts-file-description Files with fonts file extension might be found as old font files for Macintosh and Linux.

footer-file-extension
footer-file-description WebSTAR Directory Indexer footer
footer-file-description A footer file extension is related to the WebSTAR Directory Indexer footer files.

fop-file-extension
fop-file-description InfoZoom protected data file
fop-file-description Files with fop extension are used by InfoZoom program. They include some various data used for internal purposes.

fopx-file-extension
fopx-file-description Microsoft Org Chart for Mac file
fopx-file-description Detailed description

for-file-extension
for-file-description Fortran source code
for-file-description An for file extension is related to the Fortran programming language developed by IBM. An for file contains source code written in Fortran.

forge-file-extension
forge-file-description Assassin's Creed game audio or data
forge-file-description A forge file extension is related to Assassin's Creed, 3D third person action shooter video game. A .forge file stores game data.

form-file-extension
form-file-description Java form
form-file-description A form file extension is related to the Java programming language and used for its GUI form files.

forms-file-extension
forms-file-description NVIDIA driver
forms-file-description A forms file extension is related to drivers for devices developed by NVIDIA.

forth-file-extension
forth-file-description Forth source code
forth-file-description Files with forth file extension can be found as source codes in Forth programming language.

fos-file-extension
fos-file-description Fallout 3 saved game
fos-file-description A fos file extension is related to the Fallout 3, an action role playing computer game. A fos file stores saved game position.

fot-file-extension
fot-file-description Truetype font styles
fot-file-description A fot file extension is related to the Truetype font file format used by the Microsoft Windows 3.x.

fota-file-extension
fota-file-description Google Android OTA firmware update
fota-file-description A fota file extension is related to the over the air system updates for Google Android operating systems.

foundfiles-file-extension
foundfiles-file-description Mac OS X file
foundfiles-file-description Detailed description

fountain-file-extension
fountain-file-description Fountain syntax
fountain-file-description A .fountain file extension is related to the Fountain markup language and used for its syntax files.

fov-file-extension
fov-file-description MORSE field of view data
fov-file-description The fov file extension is related to the MORSE and used for its field of view files.

fow-file-extension
fow-file-description Windward game data
fow-file-description Files with fow file extension are used by Windward game data format.

fox-file-extension
fox-file-description FoxPro executable file
fox-file-description A fox file extension is related to the FoxPro a database management app. A fox file stores executable for FoxPro app.

fo_-file-extension
fo_-file-description Unknown file extension
fo_-file-description Files with fo_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

fp-file-extension
fp-file-description Microsoft FoxPro configuration
fp-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe FP file extension!

fp1-file-extension
fp1-file-description Flying Pigs data
fp1-file-description An fp1 file extension is related to the Flying Pigs and used for its data files.

fp2-file-extension
fp2-file-description Insaniquarium Deluxe fish data
fp2-file-description An fp2 file extension is related to the Insaniquarium Deluxe video game. An fp2 file stores data about fishes.

fp3-file-extension
fp3-file-description FileMaker Pro database
fp3-file-description Files with fp3 extension may be most commonly found as database from version 3 of FileMaker software.

fp4-file-extension
fp4-file-description FileMaker Pro database
fp4-file-description Files with fp4 file extension are database files from FileMaker Pro version 4.

fp5-file-extension
fp5-file-description FileMaker Pro database
fp5-file-description Files with the fp5 file extension are mostly found as databases from FileMaker Pro version 5.

fp6-file-extension
fp6-file-description FileMaker Pro data
fp6-file-description An fp6 file extension is related to the FileMaker and used for its data files.

fp7-file-extension
fp7-file-description FileMaker Pro database
fp7-file-description An fp7 file extension is related to the FileMaker Pro a database system. An fp7 file contains FileMaker database.

fpa-file-extension
fpa-file-description Front Panel Designer encrypted order data
fpa-file-description An fpa file extension is related to the Front Panel Designer and used for its encrypted order files.

fpage-file-extension
fpage-file-description Microsoft XPS document page
fpage-file-description Files with fpage extension are mainly related to the Microsoft XPS (Open XML Paper Specification) format. An fpage file stores document content and document format settings.

fpb-file-extension
fpb-file-description FLAMES playback recorder data
fpb-file-description An fpb file extension is associated with the FLAMES software. An fpb file contains playback recorder data.

fpbf-file-extension
fpbf-file-description Apple Finder burnable backup folder
fpbf-file-description Files with fpbf file extension can be found on Mac computers as backup archives created in the Apple Finder program.

fpc-file-extension
fpc-file-description FoxPro catalog
fpc-file-description Files with fpc file extension are related to the FoxPro and Visual FoxPro DBMS apps. An fpc file stores catalog.

fpd-file-extension
fpd-file-description MicroSim PCBoard external ASCII footprint definition data
fpd-file-description A fpd file extension is related to the MicroSim PCBoard external ASCII footprint definition data.

fpdoclib-file-extension
fpdoclib-file-description Microsoft FrontPage document library
fpdoclib-file-description The fpdoclib file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage document library files.

fpe-file-extension
fpe-file-description FPS Creator entity file
fpe-file-description Files with fpe suffix are entity files for the FPS Creator first person shooter games development tools. Describes properties of in-game entities.

fpenc-file-extension
fpenc-file-description Mobile File Encryption MIDlet encrypted data
fpenc-file-description An fpenc file extension is related to the Mobile File Encryption MIDlet and used for its encrypted data.

fpf-file-extension
fpf-file-description IKEA Home planner file
fpf-file-description Files with fpf suffix can be quite often found as saved custom room layouts with IKEA furnishings prepared using the on-line IKEA Home planner tools.

fpg-file-extension
fpg-file-description DIV Games Studio Multi Map image format
fpg-file-description Files with fpg extension can generally be found as bitmap images in multi-map image format.

fph-file-extension
fph-file-description Fisher & Paykel Icon Data Format
fph-file-description Files with fph file extension can be found as icons in Fisher & Paykel Icon Data Format.

fphomeop-file-extension
fphomeop-file-description Microsoft FrontPage file
fphomeop-file-description The fphomeop file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage web designing tool.

fphomepg-file-extension
fphomepg-file-description Microsoft FrontPage file
fphomepg-file-description The fphomepg file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage files.

fphtml-file-extension
fphtml-file-description Microsoft FrontPage file
fphtml-file-description Files with the fphtml file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage a web design software.

fpi-file-extension
fpi-file-description FPS Creator intelligence script
fpi-file-description An fpi file extension is related to the FPS Creator and used for its intelligence script.

fpid-file-extension
fpid-file-description FPS Creator AI wizard data file
fpid-file-description Detailed description

fpix-file-extension
fpix-file-description FlashPix bitmap image
fpix-file-description Files with FPIX extension can be found as images in Flashpix format.

fpj-file-extension
fpj-file-description FARSITE project
fpj-file-description An fpj file extension is related to the FARSITE, a fire modeling program. An fpj file contains project.

fpk-file-extension
fpk-file-description Civilization IV game archive
fpk-file-description Files with fpk file extension can be typically encountered as game archives from the Civilization IV strategic computer game.

fpkg-file-extension
fpkg-file-description Apple Mac OS X Installer package file
fpkg-file-description Files with fpkg extension are used by Apple Mac OS X Installer application.

fpl-file-extension
fpl-file-description Flitskikker language localization data
fpl-file-description An fpl file extension is related to the Flitskikker an information tool for Windows. An fpl file contains language localization data.

fplinkbar-file-extension
fplinkbar-file-description Microsoft FrontPage file
fplinkbar-file-description The fplinkbar file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage files.

fplist-file-extension
fplist-file-description Microsoft FrontPage list
fplist-file-description Files with the fplist file extension are commonly used by Microsoft FrontPage editor.

fplistdata-file-extension
fplistdata-file-description Microsoft FrontPage web package
fplistdata-file-description An fplistdata file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage web package files.

fpm-file-extension
fpm-file-description Microsoft FoxPro startup data
fpm-file-description An fpm file stores various data for Microsoft FoxPro relational database management system.

fpmb-file-extension
fpmb-file-description FPS Creator map buffer file
fpmb-file-description The .fpmb file extension is related to FPS Creator. The FPMB file contains map buffer.

fpmo-file-extension
fpmo-file-description FPS Creator map overlay file
fpmo-file-description The .fpmo file extension is related to FPS Creator a program used to create FPS computer games.

fpn-file-extension
fpn-file-description FRANCOPHONEM data
fpn-file-description Files with fpn file extension can be found as part of FRANCOPHONEM vocal program for blind people.

fpnav-file-extension
fpnav-file-description Microsoft FrontPage data
fpnav-file-description An fpnav file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage and used for its data files.

fpnopub-file-extension
fpnopub-file-description Microsoft FrontPage data
fpnopub-file-description An fpnopub file extension is associated with the Microsoft FrontPage application for Microsoft Windows.

fpop-file-extension
fpop-file-description Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions saved game
fpop-file-description Files with fpop file extension might be found as saved game positions from Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions game.

fpopen-file-extension
fpopen-file-description Microsoft FrontPage file
fpopen-file-description The fpopen file contains some kind of data used by Microsoft FrontPage a web editing tool.

fpos-file-extension
fpos-file-description Photo Pos Pro digital image
fpos-file-description Files with fpos file extension might be found as images created in the Photo Pos Pro editor.

fpp-file-extension
fpp-file-description FPS Creator prefab data
fpp-file-description An fpp file extension is related to the FPS Creator and used for its prefab data.

fppiclib-file-extension
fppiclib-file-description Microsoft FrontPage data
fppiclib-file-description An fppiclib file extension is associated with the Microsoft FrontPage, a web design software for Windows.

fppx-file-extension
fppx-file-description Microsoft Fresh Paint painting
fppx-file-description An fppx file extension is associated with the Microsoft Fresh Paint painting format.

fpq-file-extension
fpq-file-description Microsoft Visual FoxPro updatable query
fpq-file-description Files with fpq file extension are related to the Microsoft Visual FoxPro updatable query data.

fpqo-file-extension
fpqo-file-description Fluke PowerLog data
fpqo-file-description An fpqo file extension is related to the Fluke PowerLog application and used for its data files.

fpr-file-extension
fpr-file-description Fruitypro samples humanize presets grooves data
fpr-file-description An fpr file extension is associated with the Fruitypro an obsolete audio editing software. An fpr file stores presets for Fruitypro.

fprg-file-extension
fprg-file-description Flowgorithm data file
fprg-file-description Files with fprg file extension are related to the Flowgorithm software. An fprg file contains data.

fps-file-extension
fps-file-description FPS Creator project
fps-file-description Files with fps suffix may be typically encountered as projects made and saved in the FPS Creator software for making first person shooter games.

fpsl-file-extension
fpsl-file-description FileMaker Pro snapshot link
fpsl-file-description Files with fpsl extension are used by the FileMaker Pro program. They include some various data used for internal purposes.

fpsml-file-extension
fpsml-file-description Portal Structure Markup Language fragment definition
fpsml-file-description An fpsml file extension is related to the Portal Structure Markup Language for Jetspeed. An fpsml file stores fragment definition.

fpsurvey-file-extension
fpsurvey-file-description Microsoft FrontPage data
fpsurvey-file-description An fpsurvey file extension is associated with the Microsoft FrontPage a software for Microsoft Windows.

fpsx-file-extension
fpsx-file-description Symbian firmware update
fpsx-file-description Files with fpsx suffix can be mainly found as firmware updates for flashing of for Symbian based mobile devices.

fpt-file-extension
fpt-file-description Database memo file
fpt-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe FPT file extension!

fptheme-file-extension
fptheme-file-description Microsoft FrontPage theme
fptheme-file-description The fptheme file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage theme files.

fpw-file-extension
fpw-file-description FoxPro configuration
fpw-file-description An fpw file extension is related to the FoxPro and used for its configuration files.

fpweb-file-extension
fpweb-file-description Microsoft FrontPage disk based web
fpweb-file-description An fpweb file extension is related to the Microsoft Frontpage and used for its disk based webs.

fpxml-file-extension
fpxml-file-description Microsoft FrontPage HTML document
fpxml-file-description An fpxml file extension is related to the Microsoft FrontPage and used for its HTML files.

fpz-file-extension
fpz-file-description IBM Rational Focal Point data
fpz-file-description Files with fpz file file extension are associated with the IBM Rational Focal Point data.

fp_folder_info-file-extension
fp_folder_info-file-description Microsoft SharePoint data
fp_folder_info-file-description An fp_folder_info file extension is associated with the Microsoft SharePoint and used for its data files.

fq-file-extension
fq-file-description FASTQ format
fq-file-description Files with fq file extension is related to the FASTQ format used to store both a biological sequence (usually nucleotide sequence) and its corresponding quality scores.

fqf-file-extension
fqf-file-description FlashFXP queue data
fqf-file-description An fqf file extension is related to the FlashFXP a FTP, FTPS, SFTP client for Windows.

fqm-file-extension
fqm-file-description Mental Ray Renderer result data
fqm-file-description An fqm file extension is related to the Mental Ray Renderer and used for its result data.

fqy-file-extension
fqy-file-description FLAMES (FLARE) command data
fqy-file-description Files with fqy file extension can be found as part of FLAMES simulation program.

fr-file-extension
fr-file-description French language translation
fr-file-description Files with fr file extension are generally localization files in French language. Used in many programs.

fr3-file-extension
fr3-file-description FastReport form file
fr3-file-description An fr3 file extension is used for form files associated with the FastReport report designing tool and used for its electronic form files.

fr4-file-extension
fr4-file-description Fractal Explorer quaternion Spots in internal parametrical format
fr4-file-description Files with fr4 extension are used by the Fractal Explorer freeware fractal generator. They include saved data.

fra-file-extension
fra-file-description Fifa World Cup game data
fra-file-description A fra file extension is related to the FIFA World Cup computer game. A fra file stores game data.

fract-file-extension
fract-file-description Free Form Fractional chemical modeller data
fract-file-description A fract file extension is related to the Free Form Fractional chemical modeller data format.

frag-file-extension
frag-file-description Microsoft XPS document fragment
frag-file-description Files with frag extension can generally be found as fragments of XPS documents.

fragment-file-extension
fragment-file-description IBM DB2 object
fragment-file-description A fragment file extension is related to the IBM DB2 object file format.

fram-file-extension
fram-file-description Adobe FrameMaker data
fram-file-description A fram file extension is related to the Adobe FrameMaker and used for its data.

frame-file-extension
frame-file-description Adobe FrameMaker interchange format
frame-file-description A frame file extension is related to the Adobe FrameMaker a word processor. A frame file stores data in FrameMaker interchange file format.

frames-file-extension
frames-file-description The Iconfactory xScope frame data
frames-file-description A frames file extension is related to the xScope for Apple Mac OS X (macOS).

framework-file-extension
framework-file-description Apple macOS (OS X) application framework data
framework-file-description Files with .framework file extension are used by Apple Mac OS X (macOS) programs. They include some data archives about programs.

frc-file-extension
frc-file-description FLAMES Recorder output data
frc-file-description Files with frc file extension can be found as some sort of output files generated from FLAMES COTS software.

frd-file-extension
frd-file-description Need for Speed track data
frd-file-description Files with frd file extension may be found as track data files for Need for Speed action car racing simulation for computers and gaming consoles.

frdat-file-extension
frdat-file-description ABBYY Finereader bitmap image
frdat-file-description Files with frdat extension can be mostly found as special bitmap images from ABBYY Finereader.

frdoc-file-extension
frdoc-file-description ABBYY Finereader document
frdoc-file-description An frdoc file extension is used by documents created by ABBYY Finereader software.

fre-file-extension
fre-file-description Male MRI (Male Normal CT) image format
fre-file-description Files with fre file extension can mainly be found as Male Normal CT images created with CT scans.

fred-file-extension
fred-file-description FredEditor sound data
fred-file-description A fred file extension is associated with the FredEditor and used for its sound data.

freecellsave-ms-file-extension
freecellsave-ms-file-description FreeCells saved game
freecellsave-ms-file-description A freecellsave-ms file extension is related to the FreeCells, a card video game from Windows. A .freecellsave-ms file contains saved game.

freelist-file-extension
freelist-file-description ArcGIS data file
freelist-file-description A freelist file extension is related to the ArcGIS, a geographic information system (GIS).

freepp-file-extension
freepp-file-description Free PDF Perfect file
freepp-file-description A freepp file extension is related to the Free PDF Perfect application for Windows.

freeway-file-extension
freeway-file-description Freeway Pro project
freeway-file-description A freeway file extension is related to the Freeway Pro, a web editing program for Mac OS X (macOS).

frelf-file-extension
frelf-file-description Abbyy FineReader engine licence
frelf-file-description An frelf file extension is related to the ABBYY Finereader Pro, a document scanning app. A frelf file file contains engine license.

freq-file-extension
freq-file-description SAM frequency model
freq-file-description A freq file extension is related to the SAM (Sequence Alignment and Modeling system). A freq files store frequency models.

fres-file-extension
fres-file-description Autodesk Inventor results
fres-file-description Files with fres file extension are related to the Autodesk Inventor results data.

freshcontact-file-extension
freshcontact-file-description NAVIGON MobileNavigator navigation data
freshcontact-file-description A freshcontact file extension is related to the NAVIGON MobileNavigator. A freshcontact file contains navigation data.

freshroute-file-extension
freshroute-file-description NAVIGON data
freshroute-file-description A freshroute file extension is related to the NAVIGON and used for its navigation files.

frf-file-extension
frf-file-description FontMonger intermediate font
frf-file-description Files with frf extension can be found as font files from old FontMonger program made in early 90s. Most likely no longer used.

frg-file-extension
frg-file-description dBASE IV uncompiled report
frg-file-description A frg file extension is related to the dBASE IV, a database management system. A frg file stores uncompiled report.

fri-file-extension
fri-file-description Firefox bookmark backup
fri-file-description An fri file extension is related to the Firefox, a web browser for various platforms. An fri file stores bookmark backup.

frj-file-extension
frj-file-description FreeForm-J project
frj-file-description An frj file extension is related to the FreeForm-J project files used by Just BASIC.

frk-file-extension
frk-file-description Apple Macintosh resource or data fork
frk-file-description An frk file extension is related to the Mac OS Classic operating system for Apple Macintosh computers.

frl-file-extension
frl-file-description Formflow electronic form loader
frl-file-description An frl file extension is related to the electronic form loader data from FormFlow and other compatible apps.

frm-file-extension
frm-file-description MySQL database metadata
frm-file-description Files with frm extension is used for MySQL database metadata files. MySQL metadata files contain description of table's format.

frm16-file-extension
frm16-file-description Lionheart: Legacy of the Crusader game data
frm16-file-description Files with frm16 file extension can be found as game files from  Lionheart: Legacy of the Crusader computer game.

fro-file-extension
fro-file-description dBASE IV compiled report
fro-file-description A fro file extension is associated with the dBASE IV database system. A fro file contains compiled report.

frp-file-extension
frp-file-description Fractal Explorer palette
frp-file-description Files with frp extension can be mainly found as graphics palettes from Fractal Explorer program.

frq-file-extension
frq-file-description Apache Lucene frequencies data
frq-file-description A frq file extension contains Apache Lucene and used for its frequencies files.

frr-file-extension
frr-file-description Mandelbrot Explorer fractal region settings
frr-file-description An frr file extension is related to the Mandelbrot Explorer fractal region settings files.

frs-file-extension
frs-file-description Corel WordPerfect screen font resource file
frs-file-description Files with frs extension are used by the Corel WordPerfect processing program. They store some screen font resources.

frt-file-extension
frt-file-description GP-Forth language source code
frt-file-description An frt file extension is related to the GP-Forth language source code format.

frv-file-extension
frv-file-description Microsoft FRx file
frv-file-description Files with frv extension are used for Microsoft FRx product.

frw-file-extension
frw-file-description RollerCoaster Tycoon fireworks source data
frw-file-description An frw file extension is associated with the RollerCoaster Tycoon computer game and used for its fireworks source code files.

frx-file-extension
frx-file-description Visual FoxPro main report description
frx-file-description Files with frx file extension are related to Visual FoxPro relational database management system and used for file that store main report description.

fry-file-extension
fry-file-description Fryrender export
fry-file-description Files with fry file extension are mainly related to Fryrender program and used for its default export format.

frz-file-extension
frz-file-description Snes9x saved state file
frz-file-description Files with frz extension are used for Snes9x emulator. They include saved game position data.

fr_-file-extension
fr_-file-description Unknown file extension
fr_-file-description Files with fr_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

fs-file-extension
fs-file-description Microsoft Visual F# source code
fs-file-description Files with fs extension can be found as source codes written in the Microsoft Visual F# programming language.

fs2-file-extension
fs2-file-description Descent FreeSpace 2 game data
fs2-file-description An fs2 file extension was related to old Descent FreeSpace 2 computer game.

fs5-file-extension
fs5-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator scenery data
fs5-file-description An fs5 file extension is related to the Flight Simulator video game. An fs5 file stores scenery data.

fs6-file-extension
fs6-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator panel data
fs6-file-description An fs6 file extension is related to the Microsoft Flight Simulator and used for its panel files.

fsa-file-extension
fsa-file-description FASTA DNA and Protein Sequence Alignment
fsa-file-description Files with fsa file extension can be found as special biochemistry and DNA data files in FASTA format.

fsat-file-extension
fsat-file-description Autodesk Inventor data
fsat-file-description An fsat file extension is related to the Autodesk Inventor, a 3D prototype modeling program.

fsb-file-extension
fsb-file-description FMOD audio
fsb-file-description Files with fsb extension are mostly found as audio files in computer games. FMOD audio format.

fsc-file-extension
fsc-file-description FruityLoops score
fsc-file-description The fsc file extension is related to the FruityLoops (also known as FL Studio) a music composing tool. The fsc file stores score.

fscr-file-extension
fscr-file-description ChromeEd forester data script
fscr-file-description A file extension fscr is related to the ChromeEd forester data script format.

fsd-file-extension
fsd-file-description COCO AmsterCHEM flowsheet document
fsd-file-description An fsd file extension is related to the COCO AmsterCHEM flowsheet document file format used by COCO, a compliant simulation program.

fset-file-extension
fset-file-description Fact200 result data
fset-file-description An fset file extension is related to the Fact200 software for Windows.

fseventsd-file-extension
fseventsd-file-description macOS (OS X) data
fseventsd-file-description An fseventsd file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system. An fseventsd file stores temporary data.

fseventsd-uuid-file-extension
fseventsd-uuid-file-description fseventsd data
fseventsd-uuid-file-description Files with fseventsd-uuid files can be found as files generated on external media that were unexpectedly disconnected from Linux / Mac OS X (macOS) computers.

fsf-file-extension
fsf-file-description Fox VB project
fsf-file-description An fsf file extension is associated with the Fox VB and used for its project files.

fsform-file-extension
fsform-file-description Form data
fsform-file-description An fsform file extension is related to the form file format. Most likely some old format without support. No further information could be found.

fsg-file-extension
fsg-file-description IBM Voice Type languages map
fsg-file-description An fsg file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages map files.

fsh-file-extension
fsh-file-description EA Sports FSH format
fsh-file-description Files with fsh file extension can be found as game archives used in some EA Sports and Electronic Arts computer games, such as FIFA WorldCup.

fsi-file-extension
fsi-file-description Microsoft Visual F# signature data
fsi-file-description An fsi file extension is related to the F# a functional programming language. An fsi file contains signature data.

fsif-file-extension
fsif-file-description MyLabel Designer Deluxe label document
fsif-file-description An fsif file extension is related to the MyLabel Designer Deluxe program. An fsif file contains label document.

fsk-file-extension
fsk-file-description Atari 8-bit cassette image
fsk-file-description An fsk file extension is related to the Atari 8-bit cassette image format.

fsl-file-extension
fsl-file-description Corel Paradox compiled form
fsl-file-description An fsl file suffix is related to the Corel Paradox, a database management system. An fsl file contains compiled form.

fsm-file-extension
fsm-file-description Farandole Composer WaveSample music format
fsm-file-description An fsm file extension is related to the Farandole Composer WaveSample music format.

fsn-file-extension
fsn-file-description Greeting Card Factory greeting card
fsn-file-description Files with fsn file extension are related to the Greeting Card Factory program. An fsn file contains greeting card.

fso-file-extension
fso-file-description Adobe Flash Media Server file system object
fso-file-description Files with fso file extension can be found as part of Adobe Flash Media Server program. File System Object file type.

fsp-file-extension
fsp-file-description Flash Slideshow Builder project
fsp-file-description The fsp file extension is related to the Flash Slideshow Builder project file format.

fspro-file-extension
fspro-file-description FMOD Studio project
fspro-file-description Files with fspro file extension are related to the FMOD Studio, an audio edting tool. An fspro file stores project.

fsproj-file-extension
fsproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual F# project
fsproj-file-description An fsproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual F# programming language. An fsproj file contains project.

fsps-file-extension
fsps-file-description MacPaint data
fsps-file-description An fsps file extension is related to the MacPaint a bitmap editing tool for classic Mac computers.

fsq-file-extension
fsq-file-description CryENGINE Facial Editor sequence file
fsq-file-description Files with fsq extension are related to the CryENGINE SDK application.

fsqueue-file-extension
fsqueue-file-description FeedStation file
fsqueue-file-description The fsqueue file extension is related to the FeedStation software.

fsr-file-extension
fsr-file-description String-O-Matic data
fsr-file-description An fsr file extension is related to the String-O-Matic and used for its data files.

fsrc-file-extension
fsrc-file-description Fact200 source
fsrc-file-description A fsrc file extension is related to the Fact200 source format.

fss-file-extension
fss-file-description Micrografx Picture Publisher 8 register data
fss-file-description Files with fss file extension could be found in old Micrografx Picture Publisher as registration data files.

fssave-file-extension
fssave-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator save data
fssave-file-description An fssave file extension is related to the Microsoft Flight Simulator computer game. An fssave file stores saved game position.

fsscript-file-extension
fsscript-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio F# script
fsscript-file-description An fsscript file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual F#, an integrated development tool. An fsscript file contains script written in F#.

fssd-file-extension
fssd-file-description SoundCap audio file
fssd-file-description Detailed description

fssx-file-extension
fssx-file-description FolderSizes data
fssx-file-description An fssx file extension is associated with the FolderSizes a software for Microsoft Windows.

fst-file-extension
fst-file-description FL Studio saved state
fst-file-description An fst file extension is related to Fruity Loops Studio (FL Studio) and used for one of its files.

fstab-file-extension
fstab-file-description File system table
fstab-file-description An fstab file extension is related to the file systems information files used by Unix-based operating systems.

fsthumb-file-extension
fsthumb-file-description Wondershare Filmora thumbnail cache
fsthumb-file-description An fsthumb file extension is associated with the Wondershare Filmora software. An fsthumb file stores thumbnail cache.

fsv-file-extension
fsv-file-description FreeSWITCH video data
fsv-file-description An fsv file extension is related to the FreeSWITCH and used for its video files.

fsw-file-extension
fsw-file-description Random FlashBackup flash file
fsw-file-description Files with fsw extension are used for Random FlashBackup utility for Microsoft Windows. They include firmware and other data to flash the phone.

fsx-file-extension
fsx-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio F# script
fsx-file-description An fsx file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment. The .fsx file contains script written in F# programming language.

fsy-file-extension
fsy-file-description PhotoFantasy Image picture
fsy-file-description An fsy file extension is related to the PhotoFantasy Image picture format.

fsys-file-extension
fsys-file-description Pokemon Battle Revolution data
fsys-file-description Files with fsys file extension can be found as game files in Pokemon Battle Revolution game for Nintendo Wii.

fsz-file-extension
fsz-file-description Fractal Zplot data/parameter data
fsz-file-description Files with fsz file extension can be found as saved parameter settings for Fractal Zplot program by Mystic Fractal.

ft-file-extension
ft-file-description Lotus Notes full test index
ft-file-description An ft file extension is related to the Lotus Notes from IBM. An ft file contains full test index.

ft10-file-extension
ft10-file-description Adobe FreeHand 10 template
ft10-file-description An ft10 file extension is related to the Adobe FreeHand. An ft10 file contains template. Obsolete product.

ft11-file-extension
ft11-file-description Adobe FreeHand 11 template file
ft11-file-description Files with ft11 extension are used by Adobe FreeHand software. They contain some drawings graphic data.

ft3-file-extension
ft3-file-description Adobe Freehand 3 template
ft3-file-description An ft3 file extension is related to the Adobe Freehand version 3 and used for its template files.

ft30-file-extension
ft30-file-description Adobe PageMaker for Mac filter file
ft30-file-description Detailed description

ft7-file-extension
ft7-file-description Adobe Freehand 7 template file
ft7-file-description Detailed description

ft8-file-extension
ft8-file-description Adobe FreeHand 8 template file
ft8-file-description Files with ft8 extension are related to Adobe FreeHand program.

ft9-file-extension
ft9-file-description Adobe FreeHand 9 template file
ft9-file-description Files with ft9 extension are associated with Adobe FreeHand 9 program.

ftb-file-extension
ftb-file-description Family Tree Maker genealogy data
ftb-file-description An ftb file extension is related to the Family Tree Maker a genealogy software. An ftb file stores genealogy data.

ftc-file-extension
ftc-file-description WavePad audio data
ftc-file-description Files with ftc suffix can be most often found as digital audio data files from WavePad audio editing application.

ftch-file-extension
ftch-file-description Extensis Portfolio image database
ftch-file-description An ftch file extension is related to the Extensis Portfolio and used for its image databases.

ftd-file-extension
ftd-file-description FFT Designer project
ftd-file-description An ftd file extension is related to the FFT Designer and used for its project files.

ftes-file-extension
ftes-file-description Autodesk Inventor data
ftes-file-description Files with ftes file extension are related to the Autodesk Inventor software.

ftf-file-extension
ftf-file-description Sony Xperia Android firmware
ftf-file-description Files with ftf extension might be found as firmware upgrades for Sony Xperia Android devices.

ftg-file-extension
ftg-file-description Microsoft Windows Help data
ftg-file-description Files with ftg file extension can be found as one of the Windows Help related files.

fth-file-extension
fth-file-description FileMaker Pro theme
fth-file-description An fth file extension is related to the FileMaker Pro, a database software. An fth file stores theme.

fti-file-extension
fti-file-description FamiTracker instrument
fti-file-description An fti file extension is related to the FamiTracker and used for its instrument files.

ftil-file-extension
ftil-file-description e-Hastakshar contract note
ftil-file-description Files with ftil extension are usually encrypted contact notes saved with the Indian e-Hastakshar utility.

ftk-file-extension
ftk-file-description Forensic Toolkit data
ftk-file-description Files with ftk file extension might be found as case files saved in the Forensic Toolkit program.

ftl-file-extension
ftl-file-description FreeMarker template
ftl-file-description Files with ftl file extension may be often found as text templates made using FreeMarker tool which is used to generate text outputs.

ftlx-file-extension
ftlx-file-description Apache Freemaker XML template
ftlx-file-description An ftlx file extension is related to the Freemaker from Apache Software Foundation. An ftlx file stores XML template.

ftm-file-extension
ftm-file-description Micrografx font
ftm-file-description The ftm file extension is related to the font file format used by Micrografx apps.

ftmb-file-extension
ftmb-file-description Family Tree Maker main backup file
ftmb-file-description Files with ftmb extension can be mainly found as main backups of Family Tree Maker genealogy data.

ftmt-file-extension
ftmt-file-description Family Tree Maker chart template
ftmt-file-description An ftmt file extension is related to the Family Tree Maker chart template file format.

ftmx-file-extension
ftmx-file-description Finale score template
ftmx-file-description An ftmx file extension is related to the Finale. An ftmx file contains score template.

ftn-file-extension
ftn-file-description Fortran language source code
ftn-file-description Files with ftn file extension might be found as Fortran source codes.

ftp-file-extension
ftp-file-description FTP configuration data
ftp-file-description An ftp file extension is related to the FTP configuration files.

ftpc-file-extension
ftpc-file-description EBooksWriter settings
ftpc-file-description An ftpc file extension is related to the EBooksWriter tool for Microsoft Windows.

ftpconfig-file-extension
ftpconfig-file-description remote-ftp for Atom configuration
ftpconfig-file-description An ftpconfig file extension is related to the remote-ftp, an FTP client for Atom text editor. An ftpconfig file stores configuration.

ftpl-file-extension
ftpl-file-description Simfatic Forms template
ftpl-file-description An ftpl file extension is related to the Simfatic Forms and used for its template data.

ftploc-file-extension
ftploc-file-description Apple Finder FTP location data
ftploc-file-description An ftploc file extension is related to the Apple Mac Finder a default file management tool for OS X (macOS) system. An ftploc file stores FTP location information.

ftr-file-extension
ftr-file-description Future document
ftr-file-description Files with ftr file extension can be mainly found as documents saved in the Future program.

fts-file-extension
fts-file-description Flexible Image Transport System format
fts-file-description Files with fts extension can mainly be found as astronomy files in Flexible Image Transport System.

ftt-file-extension
ftt-file-description Torrent scene file
ftt-file-description Files with ftt extension are used as a torrent file format.

ftv-file-extension
ftv-file-description CA CleverPath Forest & Trees data
ftv-file-description An ftv file extension is related to the CA CleverPath Forest & Trees application. An ftv file stores some kind of data used by CleverPath Forest & Trees.

ftvx-file-extension
ftvx-file-description FLV Editor project
ftvx-file-description An ftvx file extension is related to the FLV Editor a FLV editing tool. An ftvx file contains project.

ftw-file-extension
ftw-file-description Family Tree Maker project
ftw-file-description Files with ftw extension can be mainly found as projects from Family Tree Maker genealogy software for Windows.

ftx-file-extension
ftx-file-description Fielded text meta file
ftx-file-description Files with ftx suffix are metadata files for specially formatted text files based on the Fielded Text schema.

fub-file-extension
fub-file-description Franklin e-book format
fub-file-description Files with fub suffix are old ebooks saved in the Franklin e-book format. Publications in this format were sold between 1999-2002.

fuc-file-extension
fuc-file-description Frequently Used Commands script
fuc-file-description A fuc file extension is related to the Frequently Used Commands scripts.

fucked-file-extension
fucked-file-description Manifestus ransomware affected file
fucked-file-description Files with fucked suffix were encrypted and renamed by the Manifestus ransomware.

fud-file-extension
fud-file-description FairUse Wizard data file
fud-file-description Files with fud extension are used for the FairUse Wizard program. They contain data for program internal purposes.

fuj-file-extension
fuj-file-description Worm.Win32.AutoRun.fuj virus data
fuj-file-description A .fuj file extension is related to the Worm.Win32.AutoRun.fuj virus data format.

fuk-file-extension
fuk-file-description Postal 2 game map
fuk-file-description A fuk file extension is associated with the Postal 2 action computer game. A fuk file stores level map.

ful-file-extension
ful-file-description Microsoft backup file list
ful-file-description Files with ful extension are used for MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows backup applications.

full-file-extension
full-file-description Cygwin variable log
full-file-description Files with full extension are usually found as old variable log files from Cygwin tools.

fun-file-extension
fun-file-description Koolmoves data
fun-file-description A fun file extension is associated with the Koolmoves Flash authoring software. A fun file stores some kind of data.

fun_list-file-extension
fun_list-file-description Free Uninstaller data
fun_list-file-description A .fun_list file extension is related to the Free Uninstaller, a software for Microsoft Windows.

fup-file-extension
fup-file-description FairUse project
fup-file-description Files with fup file extension may be found as projects from the FairUse video encoding software.

furl-file-extension
furl-file-description Fact200 main index
furl-file-description The furl file extension is related to the Fact200 software and used for its main index files.

fus-file-extension
fus-file-description GURU uninstall script
fus-file-description A fus file extension is related to the GURU audio composing software. A fus file stores uninstall script.

fuse_hidden-file-extension
fuse_hidden-file-description Samba data
fuse_hidden-file-description Files with fuse_hidden file extension might be found as part of Samba program for Linux. Temporary file.

fuz-file-extension
fuz-file-description The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim voice data
fuz-file-description A fuz file extension is related to the The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim voice data format.

fuzz-file-extension
fuzz-file-description Fuzzac Packer modulee
fuzz-file-description A fuzz file extension is related to the Fuzzac Packer and used for its module files.

fuzza-file-extension
fuzza-file-description Fuzzac Packer format
fuzza-file-description Detailed description

fv-file-extension
fv-file-description Fresh View thumbnail cache
fv-file-description An fv file extension is related to the Fresh View and used for its thumbnail cache.

fvb-file-extension
fvb-file-description TAC Vista database backup
fvb-file-description An fvb file extension is related to the TAC Vista database backup format.

fvd-file-extension
fvd-file-description DatABEL package data file
fvd-file-description Files with fvd extension are used for DatABEL.

fve-file-extension
fve-file-description Windows BitLocker full volume encrypted data
fve-file-description Files with fve file extension are related to the full volume encrypted data from BitLocker.

fvf-file-extension
fvf-file-description FlukeView data
fvf-file-description An fvf file extension is associated with the FlukeView software. A fvf file contains data.

fvi-file-extension
fvi-file-description DatABEL package index
fvi-file-description An fvi file extension is related to the DatABEL software. An fvi file contain package index.

fvl-file-extension
fvl-file-description Sanscript library cabinet
fvl-file-description An fvl file extension is related to the Sanscript library cabinet file format.

fvp-file-extension
fvp-file-description FactoryLink starter application
fvp-file-description An fvp file extension is related to the FactoryLink starter application data.

fvt-file-extension
fvt-file-description Fast Search & Transfer video format
fvt-file-description Files with fvt suffix may be occasionally found as videos in Fast Search & Transfer video format.

fvu-file-extension
fvu-file-description File Validation Utility input data file
fvu-file-description Files with fvu extension can be pretty much found as some kind of input files for File Validation Utility for validation of Form 24G (regular/correction) prepared from F.Y. 2005-06 and onwards.

fw-file-extension
fw-file-description Framework database
fw-file-description An fw file extension is related to the Framework and used for its database files.

fw2-file-extension
fw2-file-description FrameWork database
fw2-file-description An fw2 file extension is related to the FrameWork database file format developed by Selections & Functions, Inc.

fw3-file-extension
fw3-file-description FrameWork III database
fw3-file-description An fw3 file extension is related to the FrameWork a unified computing architecture. An fw3 file contains database data.

fw4-file-extension
fw4-file-description Framework IV data
fw4-file-description Files with fw4 file extension can be found as data files from Framework IV development software. Looks like old format.

fwa-file-extension
fwa-file-description Manew20 data
fwa-file-description An fwa file extension is related to the Manew20 program. An fwa file contains data.

fwaction-file-extension
fwaction-file-description Freeway Pro action data
fwaction-file-description Files with fwaction file extension are used by Freeway Pro software for Apple Mac OS X (macOS).

fwactionb-file-extension
fwactionb-file-description Freeway Pro action bundle
fwactionb-file-description An fwactionb file extension is associated with the Freeway Pro action bundle files.

fwb-file-extension
fwb-file-description FileWrangler data file backup
fwb-file-description An fwb file extension is associated with the FileWrangler and used for its backup files.

fwbackup-file-extension
fwbackup-file-description Freeway Pro backup
fwbackup-file-description Files with fwbackup file extension are commonly used by Freeway Pro application.

fwc-file-extension
fwc-file-description SIMATIC WinCC project file
fwc-file-description Files with fwc extension are projects from the SIMATIC WinCC engineering visualization software.

fwd-file-extension
fwd-file-description IMail Server forwarded mail message
fwd-file-description An fwd file extension is related to the IMail Server and used for its forwarded mail files.

fwdict-file-extension
fwdict-file-description Freeway Pro user dictionary
fwdict-file-description Files with fwdict file extension is commonly used by Freeway Pro software for Mac.

fwdn-file-extension
fwdn-file-description File Warden data
fwdn-file-description An fwdn file extension is related to the File Warden software from Ziff-Davis Media.

fweb-file-extension
fweb-file-description Fortran WEB
fweb-file-description Detailed description

fwf-file-extension
fwf-file-description Xwave FWF data
fwf-file-description Files with fwf file extension can be found as old Xwave FWF files.

fwiz-file-extension
fwiz-file-description Autodesk Inventor data
fwiz-file-description Files with fwiz file extension are associated with the Autodesk Inventor data.

fwk-file-extension
fwk-file-description Fireworkz document
fwk-file-description Files with fwk file extension might be found as documents created in the Fireworkz program.

fwkey-file-extension
fwkey-file-description FlexiWrite document lock
fwkey-file-description Files with fwkey extension are special document locks generated by Flexidrive world processor when a document is made read-only.

fwl-file-extension
fwl-file-description FileWrangler EXE library
fwl-file-description An fwl file extension is related to the FileWrangler, a file management program for Windows. An fwl file contains EXE library.

fwlic-file-extension
fwlic-file-description FlexiWrite license
fwlic-file-description Files with fwlic extension are special Pro version license keys for FlexiWrite which unlock special features in the program.

fwn-file-extension
fwn-file-description FreeWave network data
fwn-file-description Files with fwn file extension can be found as export files from FreeWave Network.

fwp-file-extension
fwp-file-description Frontpage web packages
fwp-file-description An fwp file extension is related to the Frontpage a web creating software from Microsoft. An fwp file stores web package.

fwrt-file-extension
fwrt-file-description FullWrite file
fwrt-file-description Detailed description

fws-file-extension
fws-file-description FileWrangler data
fws-file-description An fws file extension is related to the FileWrangler a file management software. An fws file stores data.

fwt-file-extension
fwt-file-description FacetWin configuration
fwt-file-description A fwt file extension is associated with the FacetWin and used for its configuration data.

fwtb-file-extension
fwtb-file-description Freeway Pro template bundle
fwtb-file-description Files with fwtb file extension are commonly used by Freeway Pro application for Apple Mac OS X (macOS) system. An fwtb file contains template bundle.

fwtemplate-file-extension
fwtemplate-file-description Freeway Pro template
fwtemplate-file-description Files with the fwtemplate file extension are commonly used by Freeway Pro software for Apple Mac.

fwtemplateb-file-extension
fwtemplateb-file-description Freeway Pro template bundle
fwtemplateb-file-description An fwtemplateb file extension is related to the Freeway Pro template bundle files.

fwu-file-extension
fwu-file-description Ricoh firmware update
fwu-file-description Files with fwu extension can be generally found as firmware updates for RICOH devices.

fwx-file-extension
fwx-file-description FoxWeb script
fwx-file-description Files with fwx suffix can be found as scripts written and saved using FoxWeb web application development tool.

fx-file-extension
fx-file-description FastLynx online guide
fx-file-description Files with fx file extension might be found as online guide files for FastLynx program.

fx2-file-extension
fx2-file-description Corel WordPerfect Office template
fx2-file-description An fx2 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect Office and used for its template files.

fx3-file-extension
fx3-file-description Fugawi map
fx3-file-description An fx3 file extension is related to Fugawi and used for its map files.

fx4-file-extension
fx4-file-description Fugawi GPS map
fx4-file-description Files with fx4 file extension can be found as GPS maps from Fugawi navigation software.

fxa-file-extension
fxa-file-description OC3 FaceFX actor file
fxa-file-description Files with fxa extension are used by the OC3 FaceFX program.

fxb-file-extension
fxb-file-description Steinberg VST audio preset plug-in
fxb-file-description Files with fbx file extension can be usually found as special VST preset plug-ins for Steinberg Cubase music composing software.

fxc-file-extension
fxc-file-description DIMDATA FilePackager configuration data
fxc-file-description An fxc file extension is related to the DIMDATA FilePackager. An fxc file stores configuration data.

fxcb-file-extension
fxcb-file-description Crysis shader cache
fxcb-file-description Files with fxcb suffix can be typically encountered as shader cache generated by the engine of Crysis 3D shooter game.

fxcop-file-extension
fxcop-file-description Microsoft FxCop project
fxcop-file-description An fxcop file extension is related to the Microsoft FxCop and used for its project files.

fxcproj-file-extension
fxcproj-file-description nVidia FX Composer project
fxcproj-file-description An fxcproj file extension is related to the nVidia FX Composer and used for its project files.

fxd-file-extension
fxd-file-description FoxPro FoxDoc support data
fxd-file-description An fxd file extension is related to the FoxPro FoxDoc support files.

fxe-file-extension
fxe-file-description GeePee32 data
fxe-file-description An fxe file extension is related to the GeePee32 emulator of GP32 console.

fxf-file-extension
fxf-file-description IBM BigFix action data
fxf-file-description An fxf file extension is related to the IBM BigFix action data format.

fxg-file-extension
fxg-file-description Adobe Flash XML graphics
fxg-file-description Files with the fxg suffix can be mainly found as graphics data stored in the Flash XML graphics file format. Used by Adobe Flex.

fxh-file-extension
fxh-file-description MetaTrader 4 backup
fxh-file-description Files with fxh extension are mainly backup files from the MetaTrader version 4 and perhaps other versions as well.

fxi-file-extension
fxi-file-description File-Ex data
fxi-file-description An fxi file extension is related to the File-Ex program. An fxi file stores data.

fxl-file-extension
fxl-file-description FaceFX batch script
fxl-file-description An fxl file extension is related to the FaceFX and used for its batch files.

fxm-file-extension
fxm-file-description Fuxoft AY audio format
fxm-file-description An fxm file extension is associated with the Fuxoft AY audio format. An fxm file contains audio.

fxml-file-extension
fxml-file-description Oracle FXML language source code
fxml-file-description An fxml file extension is related to Oracle FXML markup language and used for its source code files.

fxo-file-extension
fxo-file-description Microsoft DirectX pre-compiled pixel/vertex shader
fxo-file-description An fxo file extension is related to the Microsoft DirectX pre-compiled pixel/vertex shader format.

fxp-file-extension
fxp-file-description Visual FoxPro compiled database
fxp-file-description An fxp file extension is related to the Visual FoxPro and used for its compiled database files.

fxpl-file-extension
fxpl-file-description Adobe Flash Catalyst FXP library
fxpl-file-description An fxpl file extension is associated with the Adobe Flash Catalyst. An fxpl file stores FXP library.

fxpreset-file-extension
fxpreset-file-description Unknown file extension
fxpreset-file-description Files with fxpreset file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

fxpreset_pack-file-extension
fxpreset_pack-file-description Unknown file extension
fxpreset_pack-file-description Files with fxpreset_pack file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

fxr-file-extension
fxr-file-description Oracle font cross-reference data
fxr-file-description Files with fxr file extension are associated with the Oracle Documaker software. An fxr file contains cross-reference data.

fxs-file-extension
fxs-file-description WinFax transmit format graphics
fxs-file-description An fxs file extension is related to the WinFax software from Symantec. An fxs file stores graphics data.

fxt-file-extension
fxt-file-description Finale plug-in
fxt-file-description An fxt file extension is related to the Finale, a music notation program. An fxt file contains plug-in.

fxtc-file-extension
fxtc-file-description Adobe After Effects project file
fxtc-file-description Detailed description

fxw-file-extension
fxw-file-description eSignal data
fxw-file-description An fxw file extension is related to the eSignal and used for its data files.

fxy-file-extension
fxy-file-description Fortron Embroidery Format
fxy-file-description Files with fxy file extension can be found as embroideries in Fortron format. Perhaps no longer actively used.

fyc-file-extension
fyc-file-description eSignal data
fyc-file-description A fyc file extension is related to the eSignal software and used for its data files.

fyi-file-extension
fyi-file-description FLOWCAL Desktop data
fyi-file-description An fyi file extension is associated with the FLOWCAL Desktop a liquid measurement app for Windows.

fz-file-extension
fz-file-description Fritzing application data
fz-file-description An fz file extension is related to the Fritzing and used for its application files.

fza-file-extension
fza-file-description form-Z autosave data
fza-file-description Files with fza file extension can be found as 3D forms from form-Z application.

fzb-file-extension
fzb-file-description Casio FZ-1 bank dump
fzb-file-description A fzb file extension is related to the Casio FZ-1 sampler. A fzb file stores bank dump. Probably obsolete format.

fzbz-file-extension
fzbz-file-description Fritzing bundled binary data
fzbz-file-description An fzbz file extension stores is related to the Fritzing software tool from University of Applied Sciences Potsdam.

fzd-file-extension
fzd-file-description AIRLINE city data
fzd-file-description An fzd file extension is related to the AIRLINE city data file format from Efzed Pty. Ltd.

fzf-file-extension
fzf-file-description Casio FZ-1 full dump
fzf-file-description The fzf file extension is used by Casio FZ-1 sampler program. It is a sound file format.

fzh-file-extension
fzh-file-description form-Z help index
fzh-file-description An fzh file extension is related to the form-Z rendering program. An fzh file contains help index.

fzip-file-extension
fzip-file-description Foxit Reader add-on
fzip-file-description Files with fzip file extension can be typically found as special add-ons for Foxit Reader software.

fzm-file-extension
fzm-file-description Fritzing application data
fzm-file-description An fzm file extension is associated with the Fritzing and used for its data files.

fzp-file-extension
fzp-file-description Fargo Primera Dye Sub support data
fzp-file-description An fzp file extension is related to the Fargo Primera printers. An fzp file contains support data.

fzpz-file-extension
fzpz-file-description Fritzing data
fzpz-file-description A fzpz file extension is related to the Fritzing software tool from University of Applied Sciences Potsdam.

fzs-file-extension
fzs-file-description FilZip backup script
fzs-file-description An fzs file extension is related to the FilZip and used for its backup scripts.

fzv-file-extension
fzv-file-description Casio FZ-1 voice dump file
fzv-file-description Files with fzv extension are associated with the Casio FZ-1 devices. They include some audio data.

fzy-file-extension
fzy-file-description LexisNexis Concordance fuzzy data
fzy-file-description Files with fzy file extension might be found as fuzzy list files for LexisNexis Concordance software.

fzz-file-extension
fzz-file-description Fritzing project file
fzz-file-description An fzz file extension is related to the Firtzing an application for designers, artists etc. An fzz file stores data file created in Fritzing.

g64-file-extension
g64-file-description C64 emulator disk image

gadget-file-extension
gadget-file-description Windows sidebar gadget
gadget-file-description A gadget file extension is used for Windows Gadgets, small programs that enhance the desktop with various features. Gadgets are usually located in the Windows Sidebar, on the right side of desktop.

gb-file-extension
gb-file-description Nintendo Gameboy ROM image

gba-file-extension
gba-file-description Nintendo Game Boy Advance ROM image

gdb-file-extension
gdb-file-description Database file

gdoc-file-extension
gdoc-file-description Link to Google Docs web application document
gdoc-file-description Files with gdoc extension are URL links to a document created in Google Drive. It is not the actual document, just link. You can download the document from Google Drive in more typical format, like docx or odt.

gho-file-extension
gho-file-description Norton Ghost backup image
gho-file-description A gho file extension is used for backup images created by the earlier versions of Norton Ghost backup utility. There are several versions of this format for each respective version of Norton Ghost.

gif-file-extension
gif-file-description Graphics interchange file format
gif-file-description Files with gif extension are one of the most common bitmap image file formats available on the Internet. Maximum number of colors is 256. This format supports also simple animations and is widely used for banners or fun animations.

gp4-file-extension
gp4-file-description Guitar Pro 4 project

gp5-file-extension
gp5-file-description Guitar Pro 5 project
gp5-file-description Files with gp5 extension can be usually found as projects from Guitar Pro tablature software. GP5 file contains saved work in progress.

gpx-file-extension
gpx-file-description GPS eXchange format

gsheet-file-extension
gsheet-file-description Link to Google Sheets web application spreadsheet document
gsheet-file-description Files with gsheet extension are URL links to a spreadsheet created in Google Drive. It is not the actual spreadsheet, just an URL link. You can download the spreadsheet  from Google Drive in more typical format, like *.xlsx or *.ods.

gslides-file-extension
gslides-file-description Link to Google Slides web application presentation
gslides-file-description Files with gslides file extension are URL links to a presentation created in Google Drive. It is not the actual presentation, just an URL link. You can download the presentation from Google Drive in more typical format, like PPTX or PDF.

gz-file-extension
gz-file-description GZIP compressed archive

gzip-file-extension
gzip-file-description GNU ZIP gzip compressed archive
gzip-file-description Files with gzip extension an be usually found as compressed file archives using GNU ZIP tool. Most modern tools can extract these files.

g-file-extension
g-file-description Corel Paradox data
g-file-description A g file extension is related to the Corel Paradox, a database management system.

g00-file-extension
g00-file-description Clannad picture image
g00-file-description A g00 file extension is related to the Clannad a Japanese visual novel. A g00 file stores picture image.

g01-file-extension
g01-file-description MicroSim PCBoard photoplot artwork
g01-file-description A g01 file extension is related to the MicroSim PCBoard software. A g01 file stores photoplot artwork.

g03-file-extension
g03-file-description MicroSim PCBoard photoplot artwork
g03-file-description A g03 file extension is related to the MicroSim PCBoard (also known as OrCAD). A g03 file contains photoplot artwork.

g09-file-extension
g09-file-description ATARI picture image
g09-file-description Files with g09 file extension are related to the ATARI picture image format.

g0s-file-extension
g0s-file-description Metal Gear Solid V game data
g0s-file-description Files with g0s file extension can be typically encountered as data files from Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes action-adventure computer game.

g1-file-extension
g1-file-description Gerber inner routing layer 1
g1-file-description Files with g1 file extension are commonly found as one of the PCB Gerber formats. Used for design and manufacturing of printed circuit boards.

g10-file-extension
g10-file-description Garmin GPS map
g10-file-description A g10 file extension is related to the GPS solutions developed by Garmin. A g10 file stores map.

g11-file-extension
g11-file-description Atari Graphics 11 picture image
g11-file-description A g11 file extension is related to the Atari Graphics 11 picture image format.

g12-file-extension
g12-file-description CAMtastic Mid Layer 12 gerber data file
g12-file-description Files with g12 extension are used for the CAMtastic software. They include gerber data.

g13-file-extension
g13-file-description CAMtastic Mid Layer 13 gerber data file
g13-file-description Files with g13 extension are used by the CAMtastic program.

g14-file-extension
g14-file-description CAMtastic Mid Layer 14 gerber data
g14-file-description A g14 file extension is related to the CAMtastic Mid Layer 14 gerber data format.

g15-file-extension
g15-file-description CAMtastic Mid Layer 15 gerber data
g15-file-description A g15 file extension is associated with the CAMtastic application, developed by Innovative CAD Software. The g15 file contains gerber data.

g16-file-extension
g16-file-description GoldED DOS compiled configuration
g16-file-description A g16 file extension is related to the GoldED and used for its compiled configuration.

g18-file-extension
g18-file-description Recomposer MIDI Sequencer music file
g18-file-description Files with g18 extension are associated with Recomposer MIDI Sequencer utility. It is a sound file format file.

g1a-file-extension
g1a-file-description CASIO Model 9860 add-in
g1a-file-description A g1a file extension is associated with the CASIO Model 9860 calculator. A g1a file stores add-in.

g1e-file-extension
g1e-file-description CASIO calculator storage
g1e-file-description A g1e file extension is related to the storage format used by Casio graphing calculators.

g1l-file-extension
g1l-file-description Casio model 9860 data
g1l-file-description Files with g1l file extension could in the past be found in Casio 9860 graphic calculators.

g1m-file-extension
g1m-file-description Casio Model 9860 BASIC program
g1m-file-description Files with g1m file extension can be found as program sources for Casio 9860 family of graphics calculators.

g1n-file-extension
g1n-file-description CASIO calculator storage
g1n-file-description A g1n file extension is related to the storage format used by Casio graphing calculators.

g1r-file-extension
g1r-file-description Casio Model 9860 image file
g1r-file-description Files with g1r extension are associated with Casio Model 980 calculator. They contained some sort of bitmap graphics.

g1s-file-extension
g1s-file-description CASIO calculator storage
g1s-file-description A g1s file extension is related to the storage format used by Casio graphing calculators.

g1w-file-extension
g1w-file-description CASIO Fx-9860G SDK project
g1w-file-description A g1w file extension is related to the CASIO FX-9860G SDK (Software Development Kit). A g1w file stores project.

g2-file-extension
g2-file-description Gerber inner routing layer 2
g2-file-description Files with g2 extension are commonly found as one of the PCB gerber formats. Used for design and manufacturing of printed circuit boards.

g2d-file-extension
g2d-file-description Alexander game data
g2d-file-description Files with g2d file extension might be found as game files from GSC Game World Alexander real-time strategy.

g2e-file-extension
g2e-file-description CASIO calculator storage
g2e-file-description A g2e file extension is related to the storage format used by Casio graphing calculators.

g2g-file-extension
g2g-file-description Star Formation KITP 2007 data
g2g-file-description Files g2g file extension are related to the Star Formation KITP 2007 data format.

g2m-file-extension
g2m-file-description GoToMeeting video
g2m-file-description Files with g2m file extension are related to the GoToMeeting and used for its video data.

g2n-file-extension
g2n-file-description FontForge glyph to name map
g2n-file-description Files with g2n file extension are related to the FontForge glyph to name map format.

g2p-file-extension
g2p-file-description CMU Sphinx model
g2p-file-description A g2p file extension is related to the CMU Sphinx a speech recognition tool. A g2p file stores model.

g2r-file-extension
g2r-file-description CASIO calculator memory data
g2r-file-description A g2r file extension is related to the data format used by Casio graphing calculators.

g2w-file-extension
g2w-file-description Geoplan-Geospace data
g2w-file-description Files with g2w file extension are related to the Geoplan-Geospace program.

g3-file-extension
g3-file-description G3 fax
g3-file-description A g3 file extension is associated with the G3 fax format. A g3 file contains fax document.

g32-file-extension
g32-file-description Microsoft FRx general ledger index file
g32-file-description Files with g32 extension are used by Microsoft FRx software. They include general ledger index data.

g36-file-extension
g36-file-description Recomposer MIDI Sequencer music file
g36-file-description Files with g36 extension are associated with Recomposer MIDI Sequencer utility. It is a sound file format file.

g3a-file-extension
g3a-file-description Casio Prizm program
g3a-file-description A g3a file extension is related to Casio Prizm, a gprahics and programmable calculator. A g3a file stores program written for Prizm.

g3d-file-extension
g3d-file-description GenDesigner genealogy database
g3d-file-description A g3d file extension is related to the GenDesigner and used for its genealogy database.

g3f-file-extension
g3f-file-description Zetafax fax file
g3f-file-description Files with g3f extension are TIFF FAX files recorded using the Zetafax machines.

g3m-file-extension
g3m-file-description Casio Prizm memory data
g3m-file-description A g3m file extension is related to the Casio Prizm and used for its memory data files.

g3n-file-extension
g3n-file-description Imaging Fax image
g3n-file-description A g3n file extension is related to Imaging Fax an old faxing application. A g3n file contains fax message in Imaging Fax picture file format.

g3p-file-extension
g3p-file-description Casio Prizm graphics
g3p-file-description Files with g3p extension may be usually found as graphics files from Casio Prizm programming calculator.

g3w-file-extension
g3w-file-description Geoplan-Geospace data
g3w-file-description Files with g3w file extension are associated with the Geoplan-Geospace software.

g3x-file-extension
g3x-file-description RealFlight content data
g3x-file-description A g3x file extension is related to the RealFlight and used for its content data.

g4-file-extension
g4-file-description Microsoft Access image format
g4-file-description A g4 file extension is related to the Microsoft Access a database management tool and used for its image format.

g42-file-extension
g42-file-description DLS/32 supply chain planning data
g42-file-description A g42 file extension is related to the DLS/32 supply chain planning files.

g4b-file-extension
g4b-file-description Sokoban++ level data
g4b-file-description A g4b file extension is associated with the Sokoban++ video game. A g4b file stores level data.

g5-file-extension
g5-file-description CAMtastic mid layer gerber data file
g5-file-description Files with g5 extension are created by the CAMtastic application and can be opened in Altium Designer program.

g64x-file-extension
g64x-file-description Security Center video data file
g64x-file-description Files with g64x extension are related to the Security Center, developed by Genetec. A g64x file stores video data.

g721-file-extension
g721-file-description Raw CCITT/ITU G.721 4-bit ADPCM sound format
g721-file-description A g721 file extension is related to the Raw CCITT/ITU G.721 4-bit ADPCM sound format.

g722-file-extension
g722-file-description G.722 wideband audio
g722-file-description A g722 file extension is related to the G.722 audio codec. Seems to be obsolete file format.

g723-file-extension
g723-file-description Raw CCITT/ITU G.723 ADPCM sound format
g723-file-description A g723 file extension is related to the Raw CCITT/ITU G.723 ADPCM sound format.

g723-3-file-extension
g723-3-file-description Raw CCITT/ITU G.723 3-bit ADPCM sound
g723-3-file-description A g723-3 file extension is associated with the CCITT/ITU G.723 3-bit ADPCM sound format.

g723-5-file-extension
g723-5-file-description Raw CCITT/ITU G.723 5-bit ADPCM sound file
g723-5-file-description Detailed description

g726-file-extension
g726-file-description Raw CCITT/ITU G.726 ADPCM sound data
g726-file-description Files with g726 file extension are audio files in one of the CCITT/ITU ADPCM formats. Playable with Awave Studio.

g726-2-file-extension
g726-2-file-description G726-2 - Raw CCITT/ITU G.726 2-bit ADPCM sound
g726-2-file-description A g726-2 file extension is associated with the G726-2 - Raw CCITT/ITU G.726 2-bit ADPCM sound format.

g726-3-file-extension
g726-3-file-description G726-3 - Raw CCITT/ITU G.726 3-bit ADPCM sound format
g726-3-file-description A g726-3 file extension is related to the G726-3 - Raw CCITT/ITU G.726 3-bit ADPCM sound format.

g726-4-file-extension
g726-4-file-description G726-4 - Raw CCITT/ITU G.726 4-bit ADPCM sound format
g726-4-file-description Files with g726-4 file extension are audio files in one of the CCITT/ITU ADPCM formats. Playable with Awave Studio.

g726-5-file-extension
g726-5-file-description G726-5 - Raw CCITT/ITU G.726 5-bit ADPCM sound
g726-5-file-description A g726-5 file extension is associated with the CCITT/ITU audio format. A g726-5 file contains sound data.

g8-file-extension
g8-file-description Cubicomp PictureMaker green channel image data file
g8-file-description Files with g8 extension are used by the Cubicomp PictureMaker utility. They include green channel image data.

g94-file-extension
g94-file-description Gaussian 94 output chemical modeller input
g94-file-description A g94 file extension is related to the Gaussian 94 output chemical modeler input file format.

ga3-file-extension
ga3-file-description Graphical Analysis document
ga3-file-description A ga3 file extension is related to the Graphical Analysis and used for its document files.

gaa-file-extension
gaa-file-description GAL-ANA data
gaa-file-description A gaa file extension is related to the GAL-ANA application and used for its data files.

gab-file-extension
gab-file-description Dencom Global Address Book export file
gab-file-description Files with gab suffix are often found as exported data from Dencom Global Address Book, a tool used for access a shared central/common database for contact data from within an Microsoft Outlook.

gac-file-extension
gac-file-description Microsoft Groove data
gac-file-description A gac file extension is related to the Microsoft Groove program. A gac file contains some kind of data. Obsolete format.

gad-file-extension
gad-file-description Geodict data
gad-file-description A gad file extension is related to the Geodict, a software for computing geometric material models.

gadgeprj-file-extension
gadgeprj-file-description Gadge It project
gadgeprj-file-description A gadgeprj file extension is related to the Gadge It software for Microsoft Windows. A gadgeprj file contains project.

gae-file-extension
gae-file-description Unknown file extension
gae-file-description Files with gae extension are still unknown files.

gaf-file-extension
gaf-file-description Total Annihilation animated bitmap format
gaf-file-description Files with gaf file extension can be found as animated images from Total Annihilation computer game.

gai-file-extension
gai-file-description Adobe SING Glyphlet Manager data
gai-file-description A gai file extension is related to the Adobe SING Glyphlet Manager application.

gal-file-extension
gal-file-description GenePix array list
gal-file-description A gal file extension is related to the GenePix, an acquisition and analysis application. A gal file stores array list.

galapagosavedgame-file-extension
galapagosavedgame-file-description Galapago file
galapagosavedgame-file-description The galapagosavedgame file extension is related to the Galapago computer game.

galaxy-file-extension
galaxy-file-description Blizzard Starcraft 2 Galaxy script file
galaxy-file-description Files with galaxy extension are used by the Starcraft 2 computer game.

gallery-file-extension
gallery-file-description SMART Notebook gallery data
gallery-file-description A gallery file extension is related to the SMART Notebook program. A .gallery file stores gallery data.

gallerycollection-file-extension
gallerycollection-file-description SMART Notebook gallery collection
gallerycollection-file-description A gallerycollection file extension is related to the SMART Notebook program and used for its gallery collection files.

galleryitem-file-extension
galleryitem-file-description SMART Notebook gallery item
galleryitem-file-description Files with galleryitem suffix are related to the SMART Notebook gallery item format.

galsave-file-extension
galsave-file-description Galactrix saved game
galsave-file-description A galsave file extension is related to the Galactrix saved game files.

gam-file-extension
gam-file-description Game data
gam-file-description Files with gam file extension can be found as game data files from various computer games, such as Baldur's Gate, Rise of Nations and more.

gambas-file-extension
gambas-file-description Gambas application
gambas-file-description A gambas file extension is related to the Gambas a free BASIC programming language development tool and used for its application files.

game-file-extension
game-file-description Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 game data
game-file-description Files with game extension can be found as game files from Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 computer game from EA.

gamedata-file-extension
gamedata-file-description Ballhalla game data
gamedata-file-description A gamedata file extension is related to the Ballhalla computer game and used for its game data files.

gameproj-file-extension
gameproj-file-description GameSalad game project
gameproj-file-description A gameproj file extension is associated with the GameSalad and used for its game project files.

gamestats-file-extension
gamestats-file-description Unreal Tournament 3 GamePlayEvents stream
gamestats-file-description Files with gamestats file extension are associated with the Unreal Tournament 3 GamePlayEvents streams.

gamout-file-extension
gamout-file-description GAMESS Output chemical modeller file
gamout-file-description The GAMOUT file extension is related to the GAMESS (General Atomic and Molecular Electronic Structure System) output chemical modeler file format.

gan-file-extension
gan-file-description GanttProject project plan
gan-file-description Files with gan extension can be mainly found as project plans created and saved in the GanttProject project scheduling software.

gap-file-extension
gap-file-description PhotoImpact pencil style data
gap-file-description Files with gap file suffix are related to the PhotoImpact pencil style data format.

gar-file-extension
gar-file-description GPS_COM waypoint data
gar-file-description A gar file extension is related to the GPS_COM, a data management software used to upload, or download data from Garmin GPS devices. A gar file contains waypoint data.

garmin-file-extension
garmin-file-description Garmin Hacking Project data
garmin-file-description Files with .garmin file extension can be most often found as special files for the Garmin Hacking Project app for customizing Garmin GPS navigation.

gas-file-extension
gas-file-description Grab-a-Site project
gas-file-description Files with gas suffix are in most cases projects from Grab-a-Site program. Contains saved webpages for off-line browsing.

gasx-file-extension
gasx-file-description GOM Media Player data
gasx-file-description A gasx file extension is related to the GOM Media Player from GRETECH CORP.

gat-file-extension
gat-file-description Genetic Algorithm Timetabler (GATTer) Configuration and Information file
gat-file-description Files with gat extension are associated with Algorithm Timetabler.

gau-file-extension
gau-file-description Gaussian input data
gau-file-description A gau file extension is related to the Gaussian input data format.

gax-file-extension
gax-file-description Age of Empires II saved game
gax-file-description A gax file extension is related to the Age of Empires II strategic computer game. A gax file stores saved game position.

gaz-file-extension
gaz-file-description Age of Empires II saved game
gaz-file-description A gaz file extension is associated with the Age of Empires II, a real time strategic video game.

gb1-file-extension
gb1-file-description Game Maker backup
gb1-file-description A gb1 file extension is related to the Game Maker and used for its backup files.

gb7-file-extension
gb7-file-description MASGAU archive
gb7-file-description A gb7 file extension is related to the MASGAU a saved game files backup tool.

gba.ds-file-extension
gba.ds-file-description DeSmuME ROM image
gba.ds-file-description A gba.ds file extension is related to the DeSmuME a Nintendo DS emulator. A gba.ds file stores ROM.

gbap-file-extension
gbap-file-description GLBasic project file
gbap-file-description Detailed description

gbaskin-file-extension
gbaskin-file-description GBA4iOS controller skin
gbaskin-file-description A gbaskin file extension is related to the GBA4iOS emulator and used for its controller skin files.

gbb-file-extension
gbb-file-description GBBPlug input data
gbb-file-description A gbb file extension is related to the GBBPlug an add-on for Greenstone digital library software.

gbc-file-extension
gbc-file-description Nintendo Game Boy Color emulator ROM image
gbc-file-description Files with gbc file extension are ROM images used in Nintendo GameBoys emulators.

gbck-file-extension
gbck-file-description Glary Utilities backup file
gbck-file-description Files with gbck extension are used by the Glary Utilities set of tools. These files store some backup data.

gbcskin-file-extension
gbcskin-file-description GBA4iOS controller skin
gbcskin-file-description A gbcskin file extension is related to the GBA4iOS an emulator of Nintendo popular handhelds. A gbcskin file stores virtual controller skin for Game Boy and Game Boy Color.

gbd-file-extension
gbd-file-description Great Budget budget definition data
gbd-file-description The gbd file extension is related to the Great Budget and used for its budget definition data.

gbe-file-extension
gbe-file-description Gamebook Engine data
gbe-file-description Files with gbe file extension are related to the Gamebook Engine and used for its data.

gbf-file-extension
gbf-file-description General Bible Format
gbf-file-description Files with gbf file extension can be often found as data files in General Bible Format used by Bible studying software.

gbh-file-extension
gbh-file-description GigaBar scheme
gbh-file-description A gbh file extension is related to the GigaBar and used for its scheme files.

gbhs-file-extension
gbhs-file-description Unknown file extension
gbhs-file-description Files with gbhs file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

gbi-file-extension
gbi-file-description gBurner disk image
gbi-file-description A gbi file extension is related to gBurner a CD/DVD burning utility for Microsoft Windows and used for its disk image files.

gbk-file-extension
gbk-file-description Delphi runimage iblocal examples data
gbk-file-description Files with gbk file extension may also be found as runimage iblocal examples from Delphi programming language and rapid application development environment.

gbl-file-extension
gbl-file-description Microsoft Visual Basic global definition
gbl-file-description A gbl file extension is also used for one of the files from Microsoft Visual Basic. These files store global definitions.

gblorb-file-extension
gblorb-file-description Interactive fiction file format
gblorb-file-description Files with gblorb extension may be found as text adventures in Interactive fiction file format. Used in games like Gluxe or Frotz.

gbm-file-extension
gbm-file-description Genie Backup Manager archive
gbm-file-description A gbm file extension is related to the Genie Backup Manager a backup tool for Microsoft Windows. A gbm files stores archives with data backup.

gbn-file-extension
gbn-file-description Itres binary grid
gbn-file-description Files with gbn file extension might be found as Itres binary grid files. Probably old.

gbo-file-extension
gbo-file-description Gerber bottom overlay (silk screen) file
gbo-file-description Files with gbo file extension are in most cases PCB designs in one of the so called gerber formats. Used for design and manufacturing of printed circuit boards.

gbp-file-extension
gbp-file-description Genie Backup Manager Pro backup index
gbp-file-description Files with gbp suffix can be most often found as backup indexes for backups made using Genie Backup Manager Pro.

gbproj-file-extension
gbproj-file-description Apple GarageBand project file
gbproj-file-description Detailed description

gbr-file-extension
gbr-file-description GIMP brush image
gbr-file-description Files with gbr file extension can be found as special graphics brushes for the GIMP bitmap graphic editor. Used to apply customized pictures a brushes.

gbs-file-extension
gbs-file-description Nintendo Game Boy music audio data
gbs-file-description A gbs file extension is associated with the music audio data file format used by the Nintendo Game Boy.

gbt-file-extension
gbt-file-description Adobe Photoshop data
gbt-file-description A gbt file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop, a photo editing program. A gbt file contains data.

gbts-file-extension
gbts-file-description XWE file
gbts-file-description The gbts file extension is related to the XWE (also known as eXtendable Wad Editor) data files.

gbw-file-extension
gbw-file-description Gerbview workspace data
gbw-file-description Files with gbw file extension may be found as saved workspaces from the Gerbview, a gerber viewer and converter.

gbx-file-extension
gbx-file-description Game data package
gbx-file-description A gbx file extension is related to the game data package file format.

gbxml-file-extension
gbxml-file-description Green Building XML data
gbxml-file-description Files with gbxml file extension are graphic architecture files in Green Building XML format.

gc-file-extension
gc-file-description Sierra Print Artist greeting card
gc-file-description A gc file extension is related to the Sierra Print Artist greeting card files.

gc2-file-extension
gc2-file-description GENECLUSTER GC2 output data
gc2-file-description The gc2 file extension is related to the GENECLUSTER and used for its GC2 output files.

gc3-file-extension
gc3-file-description Golden Common Lisp source code
gc3-file-description A gc3 file extension is related to the Golden Common Lisp source code file format.

gca-file-extension
gca-file-description GCA compressed archive
gca-file-description A gca file suffix is related to the GCA compressed archive format.

gca3-file-extension
gca3-file-description GURPS Character Assistant file
gca3-file-description Detailed description

gca4-file-extension
gca4-file-description GURPS Character Assistant data
gca4-file-description A gca4 file extension is related to the GURPS Character Assistant and used for its data files.

gca4base-file-extension
gca4base-file-description GURPS Character Assistant data
gca4base-file-description A gca4base file extension is related to the GURPS Character Assistant for Microsoft Windows. A gca4base file stores data.

gca4party-file-extension
gca4party-file-description GURPS Character Assistant file
gca4party-file-description Detailed description

gcb-file-extension
gcb-file-description Google Chrome Backup backup data
gcb-file-description A gcb file extension is related to the backup files created by Google Chrome Backup utility.

gcc-file-extension
gcc-file-description GNU C++ data
gcc-file-description A gcc file extension is related to the GNU C++ development solution.

gccv-file-extension
gccv-file-description PageMaker filter file
gccv-file-description Detailed description

gcd-file-extension
gcd-file-description Prassi CD disk image
gcd-file-description Files with gcd file extension can also be old disk images created with Prassi burning software. This file type is rather rare, but some programs still support it.

gcda-file-extension
gcda-file-description GCC gcov profiling data
gcda-file-description Files with gcda file extension are generated by the gcov profilling program from GCC platform.

gcdp-file-extension
gcdp-file-description Greeting Card Studio project file
gcdp-file-description Files with GCDP extension can be found as projects from Greeting Card Studio program.

gcf-file-extension
gcf-file-description Steam client grid cache
gcf-file-description A gcf file extension is related to Steam Client and used for Game Cache files.

gcg-file-extension
gcg-file-description GCG 8 sequence chemical data
gcg-file-description Files with gcg file extension can be found as chemistry data files,

gch-file-extension
gch-file-description C++ precompiled header
gch-file-description A gch file extension is related to the C++ programming language and used to its pre-compiled headers.

gci-file-extension
gci-file-description Grand Theft Auto 2 game data
gci-file-description Files with gci file extension can be found mainly as game resource data files from Grand Theft Auto 2 computer game.

gcl-file-extension
gcl-file-description GNU Common Lisp data
gcl-file-description Files with gcl extension can be found as part of GNU GCL Common Lisp tool.

gcm-file-extension
gcm-file-description GameCube disk image
gcm-file-description A gcm file extension is associated with the disk image file format used to store games for Nintendo GameCube.

gcno-file-extension
gcno-file-description GCC gcov profiling data
gcno-file-description Files with gcno file extension are generated by the gcov profiling program from GCC platform.

gco-file-extension
gco-file-description Genbox Family History chart options file
gco-file-description Files with gco extension are used for the Genbox Family History program. They contain chart options.

gcob-file-extension
gcob-file-description TRANSFER Cobol source code
gcob-file-description A gcob file extension is related to the TRANSFER software and used for its Cobol source codes.

gcode-file-extension
gcode-file-description G-code source code
gcode-file-description Files with gcode extension might be found as source codes in G-Code programming language.

gcp-file-extension
gcp-file-description Spectramap group properties file format
gcp-file-description Files with gcp file extension are used for Spectramap developed by Coloritto BV, Rijswijk. A gcp file stores group properties.

gcrd-file-extension
gcrd-file-description GnomeCard vCard
gcrd-file-description Files with gcrd file extension might be found as vCard contacts data file from GnomeCard software.

gcs-file-extension
gcs-file-description GameShark SharkSave for GameCube file
gcs-file-description Files with gcs extension are used by GameShark. They include some game data.

gcscenario-file-extension
gcscenario-file-description Galactic Conquest Scenario Editor scenario
gcscenario-file-description A gcscenario file extension is related to the Galactic Conquest Scenario Editor and used for its scenario files.

gcsx-file-extension
gcsx-file-description Microsoft Office SmartArt color variation package
gcsx-file-description A gcsx file extension is related to the Microsoft Office SmartArt and used for its color variation package files.

gct-file-extension
gct-file-description Ocarina Cheat Code Manager exported cheat
gct-file-description Files with gct suffix can be often found as cheat generated using the Ocarina Cheat Code Manager.

gctl-file-extension
gctl-file-description SCCM GIAM control data file
gctl-file-description The gctl file extension is related to the SCCM GIAM control data file format.

gcv-file-extension
gcv-file-description SexVilla game movie
gcv-file-description Files with gcv file extension can be usually found as game movies from SexVilla computer game.

gcw-file-extension
gcw-file-description Microsoft Math worksheet file
gcw-file-description Files with gcw extension are used by the Microsoft Math program. They include worksheet files created in the program.

gcx-file-extension
gcx-file-description Apple Grapher graph file
gcx-file-description Files with gcx extension are used by Apple Grapher program. They are known as a document files.

gcz-file-extension
gcz-file-description Dolphin emulator archive
gcz-file-description Files with gcz file extension are generally compressed emulator archives used by Dolphin video game emulator.

gd-file-extension
gd-file-description GD Library picture
gd-file-description Files with gd extension can be typically encountered as pictures from GD Library programming source code.

gd1-file-extension
gd1-file-description Gerber format
gd1-file-description Files with gd1 file extension can be found as one of the Gerber formats used in PCB industry.

gd2-file-extension
gd2-file-description GD Library 2 image
gd2-file-description A gd2 file extension is related to the GD Library and used for its image files.

gd3-file-extension
gd3-file-description GreatFamily tree data
gd3-file-description A gd3 file extension is related to the GreatFamily and used for its tree files.

gda-file-extension
gda-file-description Unix manual page guide
gda-file-description A gda file extension is related to the Unix manual page guide format.

gdactrequest-file-extension
gdactrequest-file-description GetData product activation file
gdactrequest-file-description Files with gdactrequest extension are product activation data from the GetData recovery software. Typically found as GetData.GDActRequest file.

gdbindexes-file-extension
gdbindexes-file-description ArcGIS geodatabase index
gdbindexes-file-description Files with gdbindexes extension usually contain geodatabase index from ArcGIS geographic solution.

gdbtable-file-extension
gdbtable-file-description ArcGIS geodatabase
gdbtable-file-description Files with gdbtable extension are geodatabases used by ESRI ArcGIS software. Probably some sort of highly specialized GIS database format.

gdbtablx-file-extension
gdbtablx-file-description ArcGIS geodatabase
gdbtablx-file-description A gdbtablx file extension is related to the ArcGIS, a Geographic Information System (GIS) for Microsoft Windows. A gdbtablx file stores geodatabase.

gdc-file-extension
gdc-file-description Iconics GraphWorx32 document
gdc-file-description Files with gdc file extension can be most often found as documents created using the Iconics GraphWorx32 software.

gdd-file-extension
gdd-file-description Gerber drill drawing data
gdd-file-description A gdd file extension is related to the gerber drill drawing data file format used to store PCB designs.

gddoc-file-extension
gddoc-file-description InSync data
gddoc-file-description A gddoc file extension is related to the InSync and used for its data files.

gddraw-file-extension
gddraw-file-description InSync data
gddraw-file-description A gddraw file extension is related to the InSync program. A gddraw file stores data.

gde-file-extension
gde-file-description GlobalQSL Graphic Editor data
gde-file-description A gde file extension is related to the GlobalQSL Graphics Editor.

gdf-file-extension
gdf-file-description GUESS data format
gdf-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe GDF file extension!

gdfmakerproject-file-extension
gdfmakerproject-file-description Game Definition File Editor project
gdfmakerproject-file-description The gdfmakerproject file extension is related to the Game Definition File Editor project files.

gdform-file-extension
gdform-file-description InSync data
gdform-file-description A gdform file extension is related to the InSync and used for its data files.

gdg-file-extension
gdg-file-description GDevelop project
gdg-file-description Files with gdg file extension are used by GDevelop, a development tool. A gdg file contains project.

gdh-file-extension
gdh-file-description SmartWare high-low graph
gdh-file-description A gdh file extension is related to the SmartWare and used for its high-low graph files.

gdi-file-extension
gdi-file-description Generic download install data
gdi-file-description Files with gdi file extension are mainly related to some sort of installer files from Linux platform. Used by SamatRPG Technologies.

gdl-file-extension
gdl-file-description ArchiCAD Geometric Description Language data
gdl-file-description Files with gdl file extension are 3D models described using Geometric Description Language. Used for example in ArchiCAD.

gdm-file-extension
gdm-file-description Bells, Whistles, and Sound Boards module
gdm-file-description Files with gdm extension are used for BWSP digital sound and music programming library.

gdn-file-extension
gdn-file-description SmartWare graph definition
gdn-file-description A gdn file suffix is related to the SmartWare graph definition format.

gdnote-file-extension
gdnote-file-description InSync data
gdnote-file-description A gdnote file extension is related to the InSync program. A gdnote file stores data.

gdo-file-extension
gdo-file-description CC430 Gerber file
gdo-file-description Files with gdo suffix can be mostly found as specialized CC430 Gerber data files used by CC430 MCU platform.

gdocx-file-extension
gdocx-file-description Link to Google Docs web application document
gdocx-file-description Files with gdocx file extension are URL links to a document created in Google Drive. It is not the actual document, just link. You can download the document from Google Drive in more typical format, like docx or odt.

gdp-file-extension
gdp-file-description Scrolling Game Development Kit project
gdp-file-description A gdp file extension is related to the Scrolling Game Development Kit project files.

gdq-file-extension
gdq-file-description SmartWare quick graph file
gdq-file-description Files with gdq extension are used by the SmartWare software. They include some graphs.

gdr-file-extension
gdr-file-description Symbian OS bitmap font
gdr-file-description A gdr file extension is related to the Symbian OS operating system. A gdr file contains bitmap font.

gdraw-file-extension
gdraw-file-description Link to Google Drawings web application drawing
gdraw-file-description Files with gdraw file extension are URL links to a drawing created in Google Drive. They represent not the actual drawing, but just a URL link to it. You can download the drawing from Google Drive in more typical format, like PNG or JPG.

gdrive-file-extension
gdrive-file-description Gizmo Drive data
gdrive-file-description A gdrive file extension is related to the Gizmo Drive software. A gdrive file contains virtual hard drive.

gds-file-extension
gds-file-description Integrated Circuit design
gds-file-description A gds file extension is related to the Graphic Data System format.

gdsheet-file-extension
gdsheet-file-description InSync data
gdsheet-file-description A gdsheet file extension is related to the InSync program. A gdsheet file stores data.

gdsii-file-extension
gdsii-file-description VLSI cad layout format (for integrated circuits)
gdsii-file-description Files with gdsii file extension are used by GDSII. This file format is standard format for transferring / archiving 2D graphical design data.

gdslides-file-extension
gdslides-file-description InSync data
gdslides-file-description A gdslides file extension is related to the InSync program. A gdslides file stores data.

gdsp-file-extension
gdsp-file-description Astound data
gdsp-file-description A gsdp file extension is associated with the Astound and used for its data files.

gdt-file-extension
gdt-file-description Genbox Family History dictionary
gdt-file-description Files with gdt suffix are dictionary files from Genbox Familiy History genealogy software.

gdv-file-extension
gdv-file-description SmartWare graphics screen driver
gdv-file-description A gdv file extension is related to the SmartWare graphics screen driver files.

gdw-file-extension
gdw-file-description Jaws: Unleashed data
gdw-file-description A gdw file extension is related to the Jaws: Unleashed and used for its game data files.

gdwx-file-extension
gdwx-file-description Gridow Producer video data
gdwx-file-description Files with gdwx file extension are associated with the Gridow Producer video data format.

gdx-file-extension
gdx-file-description GAMS result data
gdx-file-description A gdx file extension is related to the GAMS a high level modeling software. A gdx file stores results.

gdyn-file-extension
gdyn-file-description GIMP pressure curves output
gdyn-file-description Files with gdyn file extension might be found as output files from GIMP graphics editor. Pressure curves data file.

gdz-file-extension
gdz-file-description Genbox Family History data initialization file
gdz-file-description Files with gdz extension are used for Genbox Family History. They contaion some initialization data.

ge2-file-extension
ge2-file-description Maya 4 GE2 exporter data
ge2-file-description Files with ge2 file extension can be found as export files from Autodesk Maya.

ge3-file-extension
ge3-file-description Mastercam geometry data
ge3-file-description Files with ge3 file extension might be found as geometry files from Mastercam CAD/CAM software.

ge5-file-extension
ge5-file-description MSX Screen 5 picture image
ge5-file-description Files with ge5 file extension are MSX Screen 5 picture image format.

ge6-file-extension
ge6-file-description WinFamily 6 genealogy file
ge6-file-description Files with ge6 extension were used by WinFamily software.

ge7-file-extension
ge7-file-description MSX Screen 7 picture image
ge7-file-description Files with ge7 file extension are related to the MSX Screen 7 picture image format.

gea-file-extension
gea-file-description Fifa World Cup game data
gea-file-description A gea file extension is related to the FIFA World Cup video game. A gea file stores game data.

geany-file-extension
geany-file-description Geany project
geany-file-description A geany file extension is related to the Geany and used for its project files.

geb-file-extension
geb-file-description Dr. Hardware data
geb-file-description A geb file extension is related to the Dr. Hardware, a hardware information utility. A geb file stores some kind of data.

ged-file-extension
ged-file-description GEDCOM family history
ged-file-description Files with ged extension are in most cases files that contain GEDCOM family history data which are used by various genealogy applications.

gedata-file-extension
gedata-file-description Qlucore Omics Explorer data file
gedata-file-description Files with gedata extension are used by the Qlucore Omics Explorer software. They include some data for analyzing process.

gedrive-file-extension
gedrive-file-description Gizmo Drive virtual drive
gedrive-file-description A gedrive file extension is related to Gizmo Drive, a tool for Microsoft Windows used to mount disk images. A gedrive file stores virtual hard drive.

gef-file-extension
gef-file-description Geotechnical Exchange Format
gef-file-description Files with gef file extension can be found as geotechnical data files in Geotechnical Exchange Format.

gefickt-file-extension
gefickt-file-description Jigsaw (variant) ransomware affected file
gefickt-file-description Files with gefickt suffix can be typically encountered as users files that have been encrypted and had their extension renamed by variant of Jigsaw ransomware.

gek-file-extension
gek-file-description GECK Papyrus Script Editor script
gek-file-description Files with gek file extension are related to the GECK Papyrus Script Editor scripts.

gel-file-extension
gel-file-description Molecular Dynamics image
gel-file-description A gel file extension is related to the Molecular Dynamics, a simulation system. A gel file stores graphics image.

gem-file-extension
gem-file-description GEM vector graphics
gem-file-description Files with gem file extension can commonly be found as vector images from old DOS/Atari systems.

gemfile-file-extension
gemfile-file-description Ruby RubyGems data
gemfile-file-description A gemfile extension is related to the RubyGems, a package manager for the Ruby programming language.

gemspec-file-extension
gemspec-file-description Ruby RubyGems specification data
gemspec-file-description A gemspec file extension is related to the Ruby RubyGems and used for its specification files.

gen-file-extension
gen-file-description Ventura Publisher generated text data
gen-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe GEN file extension!

generictest-file-extension
generictest-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio generic test
generictest-file-description Files with generictest file extension are commonly used by Microsoft Visual Studio for generic test data.

genh-file-extension
genh-file-description XWE data
genh-file-description The genh file extension is related to the XWE software and used for its data files.

genmodel-file-extension
genmodel-file-description Eclipse IDE domain gen model
genmodel-file-description A genmodel file extension is related to the Eclipse, a development environment. A genmodel file contains domain gen model.

geo-file-extension
geo-file-description VRML geography data
geo-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe GEO file extension!

geodatabase-file-extension
geodatabase-file-description ArcGIS Runtime SDK data
geodatabase-file-description A geodatabase file extension is related to the ArcGIS Runtime SDK and used for its data files.

geodatabase-shm-file-extension
geodatabase-shm-file-description ArcGIS Runtime SDK data
geodatabase-shm-file-description A geodatabase-shm file extension is related to the ArcGIS Runtime SDK and used for its data files.

geodatabase-wal-file-extension
geodatabase-wal-file-description ArcGIS Runtime SDK data
geodatabase-wal-file-description A geodatabase-wal file extension is related to the ArcGIS Runtime SDK and used for its data files.

geojson-file-extension
geojson-file-description GeoJSON geographic format
geojson-file-description A geojson file extension is related to the GeoJSON geographic file format used by various GIS apps.

geom-file-extension
geom-file-description AVS Application Visualization System data
geom-file-description Files with geom file extension can be usually found as one of the default file type from AVS a virtualization environment. A geom file stores low level geometric primitives, points, lines, facets, etc.

geoproj-file-extension
geoproj-file-description DataGeosis Office project
geoproj-file-description A geoproj file extension is related to the DataGeosis Office and used for its project files.

geor-file-extension
geor-file-description ariesoGEO data
geor-file-description A geor file extension is associated with the ariesoGEO from Viavi Solutions Inc.

geot-file-extension
geot-file-description ariesoGEO data
geot-file-description A geot file extension is related to the ariesoGEO software from Viavi Solutions.

gep-file-extension
gep-file-description GeneXproTools data
gep-file-description A gep file extension is related to the GeneXproTools software and used for its data files.

gephi-file-extension
gephi-file-description Gephi project
gephi-file-description A gephi file extension is related to the Gephi software for Windows, OS X (macOS) and Linux systems.

geprint-file-extension
geprint-file-description Google Earth Pro map settings
geprint-file-description Files with geprint file extension may be found as saved map settings for Google Earth.

ger-file-extension
ger-file-description German text/html info
ger-file-description A ger file extension is used for German text/html info files.

gerber-file-extension
gerber-file-description Printed circuit board photoplotter data
gerber-file-description Files with gerber extension can be found as saved printed circuit designs used in various programs from PCB industry.

ges-file-extension
ges-file-description PINGO GrADS description data
ges-file-description A ges file extension is related to the PINGO GrADS description file format.

get-file-extension
get-file-description Pov-Ray 3D graphics
get-file-description Files with get file extension can be found as old 3D graphic files from earlier versions of POV-RAY program.

getright-file-extension
getright-file-description GetRight unfinished download
getright-file-description A .getright file extension is related to the GetRight download manager. A .getright file contains incomplete download.

getviewportinfo-file-extension
getviewportinfo-file-description Google Maps API traffic info
getviewportinfo-file-description A getviewportinfo file extension is related to the Google Maps API. A getviewportinfo file stores traffic info data.

gev-file-extension
gev-file-description GelEval document
gev-file-description Files with gev extension can be found as documents created and saved using the GelEval by FrogDance Software.

gevl-file-extension
gevl-file-description GelEval document file
gevl-file-description The GEVL file extension is related to the GelEval and used for its document files.

gexf-file-extension
gexf-file-description Graph Exchange XML graph
gexf-file-description A gexf file extension is related to the Graph Exchange XML file format used to store detailed graphs.

gez-file-extension
gez-file-description XWE data
gez-file-description A gez file extension is commonly used by eXtendable Wad Editor program for Windows.

gf-file-extension
gf-file-description MetaFont font
gf-file-description A gf file extension is related to the MetaFont format. A gf file contains font.

gfa-file-extension
gfa-file-description GFA-BASIC tokenized source
gfa-file-description A gfa file extension is related to the GFA-BASIC, a development environment for DOS and Windows. A gfa file stores tokenized source data.

gfar-file-extension
gfar-file-description Greenfoot JAVA archive
gfar-file-description A gfar file extension is related to the Greenfoot JAVA development environment and used for its archive files.

gfb-file-extension
gfb-file-description GIFBlast compressed GIF image
gfb-file-description A gfb file extension is related to GIFBlast and used for its compressed GIF image files.

gfc-file-extension
gfc-file-description Patton&Patton Flow Charting 4 flowchart drawing
gfc-file-description A gfc file extension is related to the Patton&Patton Flow Charting software. A gfc file contains flow chart.

gfd-file-extension
gfd-file-description GeForms file
gfd-file-description Files with gfd extension are used for GeForms designing program. They include various data to be used for internal purposes of GeForms program.

gfe-file-extension
gfe-file-description Grammatical Framework data
gfe-file-description A gfe file extension is associated with the Grammatical Framework, a programming language. A gfe file contains data.

gff-file-extension
gff-file-description SignalMap Gene-Finding Format (GFF)
gff-file-description A gff file extension is related to the SignalMap Gene-Finding Format (GFF) data file format.

gfg-file-extension
gfg-file-description GPU Friendly Graphics data
gfg-file-description Files with gfg file extension are related to the GPU Friendly Graphics data.

gfi-file-extension
gfi-file-description Genigraphics Graphics Link presentation
gfi-file-description Files with gfi file extension might be found as some sort of presentation file in Genigraphics Graphics Link format. Probably old.

gfie-file-extension
gfie-file-description Greenfish Icon Editor Pro graphics
gfie-file-description A gfie file extension is related to the Greenfish Icon Editor Pro and used for its graphic files. Probably obsolete.

gfl-file-extension
gfl-file-description GeForms data
gfl-file-description Files with gfl file extension can be found as files from GeForms software.

gfm-file-extension
gfm-file-description Ashton Tate Computer Graphics Metafile picture
gfm-file-description A gfm file extension is related to the Ashton Tate Computer Graphics Metafile picture image file format.

gfn-file-extension
gfn-file-description Gretl function package
gfn-file-description Files with gfn file extension are related to the Gretl function package format.

gform-file-extension
gform-file-description Link to Google Forms web application form document
gform-file-description Files with gform extension are URL links to a form created in Google Drive. It is not the actual form, just URL link. You can download the form in a CSV format.

gfp-file-extension
gfp-file-description GreenForce-Player audio or video data
gfp-file-description A gfp file extension is related to the GreenForce-Player and used for its multimedia files.

gfpk-file-extension
gfpk-file-description Scarlet Blade game archive
gfpk-file-description A gfpk file extension is associated with the Scarlet Blade video game. A gfpk file cotnains game archive.

gfs-file-extension
gfs-file-description Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove remote data
gfs-file-description A gfs file extension is related to the Microsoft SharePoint and used for its WorkSpace Groove remote files.

gft-file-extension
gft-file-description NeoPaint font
gft-file-description A gft file extension is related to the NeoPaint and used for its font files.

gfw-file-extension
gfw-file-description ArcView world data
gfw-file-description A gfw file extension is related to the ArcView, GIS program for Windows. A gfw file contains world data.

gfx-file-extension
gfx-file-description The Games Factory data
gfx-file-description Files with gfx extension are related to The Games Factory development utility that allows users to create arcade games and screen savers.

gfy-file-extension
gfy-file-description Grafical data
gfy-file-description A gfy file extension is related to the Grafical and used for its various data files.

gg-file-extension
gg-file-description Google Desktop Gadget
gg-file-description Files with gg file extension can be usually found as old Google Desktop Gadgets. These were used to add extra function to computer desktop but the software, along with the Gadgets, was discontinued in 2011.

gg1-file-extension
gg1-file-description Goofy Golf Deluxe course
gg1-file-description A gg1 file extension is related to the Goofy Golf Deluxe and used for its course files.

gg2-file-extension
gg2-file-description Goofy Golf Deluxe saved game
gg2-file-description Files with gg2 file extension extension might be found as saved games from very old Goofy Gold Deluxe game.

ggb-file-extension
ggb-file-description GeoGebra document
ggb-file-description Files with ggb extension can be mostly found as documents created in GeoGebra mathematics software.

ggc-file-extension
ggc-file-description Google Desktop gadget container
ggc-file-description A ggc file extension is related to the Google Desktop and used for its gadget container.

ggd-file-extension
ggd-file-description GASTAR output
ggd-file-description A ggd file extension is related to the GASTAR and used for its output files.

ggf-file-extension
ggf-file-description GPS Pathfinder Office geoid grid
ggf-file-description A ggf file extension is related to the GPS Pathfinder Office and used for its geoid grid files.

ggg-file-extension
ggg-file-description Green Globs & Graphing Equations game record file
ggg-file-description Files with ggg extension are related to Green Globs & Graphing Equations software.

ggi-file-extension
ggi-file-description GGI file
ggi-file-description Files with ggi extension are used for Genera Graphics Interface program. These files contain some internal purposes data.

ggm-file-extension
ggm-file-description Green Globs & Graphing Equations saved state file
ggm-file-description Files with ggm extension are used by the Green Globs & Graphing Equations algebra and graphing software.

ggp-file-extension
ggp-file-description GemCom graphic format
ggp-file-description A ggp file extension is related to the GemCom graphic format used by GEMS software.

ggpk-file-extension
ggpk-file-description Grinding Gears Package
ggpk-file-description Files with ggpk extension might be found as game resource packages from Grinding Gears Games studio, such as the Path of Exile.

ggr-file-extension
ggr-file-description GIMP gradient data
ggr-file-description A ggr file extension is related to GIMP picture image editing software and used for its gradient files.

ggs-file-extension
ggs-file-description Gameboy emulator data
ggs-file-description Files with ggs file extension are used for a GameBoy emulator file.

ggt-file-extension
ggt-file-description GeoGebra user-defined tool
ggt-file-description Files with ggt file extension can be found as saved toolbar tool for GeoGebra math and science software.

ggz-file-extension
ggz-file-description Garena skin
ggz-file-description A ggz file extension is related to the Garena client and used for its skin files.

gh-file-extension
gh-file-description Grasshopper assembly file
gh-file-description Files with gh file extension are assembly files created using the Grasshopper algorithmic modeling for Rhino 3D.

gha-file-extension
gha-file-description Grasshopper assembly data
gha-file-description A gha file extension is related to the Grasshopper and used for its assembly data.

ghash-file-extension
ghash-file-description Gizmo Central data
ghash-file-description A ghash file extension is associated with the Gizmo Central application for Microsoft Windows.

ghb-file-extension
ghb-file-description Lego Racers ghost path
ghb-file-description Files with ghb file extension can be found as part of Lego Racers video game.

ghc-file-extension
ghc-file-description Visual Basic constant map
ghc-file-description Files with ghc file extension are constant maps for Visual Basic generated with the use of programs like RoboHelp.

ghd-file-extension
ghd-file-description Geonaute Keymaze tracklog
ghd-file-description A ghd file extension is related to the Geonaute Keymaze devices and used for its tracklog files.

ghe-file-extension
ghe-file-description State Examinations Commission data
ghe-file-description Files with ghe file extension can be found as old documents from State Examinations Commission.

ghf-file-extension
ghf-file-description TestLink SE309 binary data
ghf-file-description Files with ghf file suffix are related to the TestLink SE309 interface software. A ghf file stores binary data.

ghg-file-extension
ghg-file-description Gephard Hires Graphics picture image
ghg-file-description A ghg file extension is related to the Gephard Hires Graphics picture image file format.

ghi-file-extension
ghi-file-description NCSA Mosaic configuration
ghi-file-description Files with ghi file extension are related to the Mosaic web browser from NCSA. A ghi file contains configuration.

ghl-file-extension
ghl-file-description GitHub Enterprise license
ghl-file-description A ghl file extension is related to the GitHub, an on-line service for revision control and source code management. A ghl file stores license information.

ghlayout-file-extension
ghlayout-file-description Grasshopper data
ghlayout-file-description A ghlayout file extension is related to the Grasshopper file format.

ghp-file-extension
ghp-file-description GitHub Enterprise software package
ghp-file-description A ghp file extension is related to the GitHub Enterprise and used for its software packages.

ghs-file-extension
ghs-file-description Norton Ghost backup
ghs-file-description A ghs file extension is related to the Norton Ghost and used for its backup data files.

ght-file-extension
ght-file-description Norton Ghost project
ght-file-description A ght file extension is related to the Norton Ghost a disk cloning and backup tool. A ght file stores project.

ghuser-file-extension
ghuser-file-description Grasshopper data
ghuser-file-description A ghuser file extension is related to the Grasshopper and used for its data files.

ghx-file-extension
ghx-file-description Grasshopper data
ghx-file-description A ghx file extension is related to Grasshopper an algorithm editing utility integrated to Rhino 3D.

gi-file-extension
gi-file-description Prassi DVD disk image
gi-file-description Files with gi extension are disk images created using Prassi burning software. Old format, but still supported by some burning software.

gi%21-file-extension
gi%21-file-description GigaSampler/GigaStudio split audio
gi%21-file-description Files with gi! file extension are data files containing loops, envelopes, instruments etc. in 8 / 16 / 24-bits mono sound format.

gib-file-extension
gib-file-description Graph-in-the-Box chart file
gib-file-description Files with gib extension were used by the Graph-in-the-Box Windows. This project is no more continuing.

gic-file-extension
gic-file-description BioWare Aurora Engine area data
gic-file-description A gic file extension is related to the BioWare Aurora Engine area data format.

gid-file-extension
gid-file-description Microsoft Windows Help general index
gid-file-description A gid file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows Help a part of Microsoft Windows used to view Windows help files. A gid file contains general index.

gif2-file-extension
gif2-file-description NetObjects Fusion styles lines data
gif2-file-description A gif2 file extension is related to the NetObjects Fusion styles lines data format.

gif87-file-extension
gif87-file-description Graphics Interchange Format (87a)
gif87-file-description A gif87 file extension is related to the original version of Graphics Interchange Format developed in 1987.

gif89a-file-extension
gif89a-file-description GIF 89a image
gif89a-file-description A gif89a file extension is related to Graphics Interchange Format. A gif89a file contains bitmap picture, or animation.

gifenx-file-extension
gifenx-file-description Egis encrypted GIF picture image
gifenx-file-description A gifenx file extension is related to the Egis and used for its encrypted GIF images.

giff-file-extension
giff-file-description CompuServe bitmap image(Graphics Interchange Format)
giff-file-description A giff file extension is related to GIF (Graphics Interchange Format). A .giff file contains bitmap image, or animation.

gift-file-extension
gift-file-description Moodle GIFT format
gift-file-description A gift file extension is related to the Moodle, a free software learning solution.

gifv-file-extension
gifv-file-description Graphics Interchange Format video data
gifv-file-description Files with gifv extension are mainly related to the Graphics Interchange Format video file format developed by imgur.

gif_160x120-file-extension
gif_160x120-file-description GIF image
gif_160x120-file-description A gif_160x120 file extension is related to the GIF (Graphics Interchange Format).

gif%7Ec200-file-extension
gif%7Ec200-file-description Graphics Interchange Format file
gif%7Ec200-file-description Files with gif~c200 file extension are usually animated GIF pictures that were saved via Google Chrome web browser. You can rename it to standard gif.

gig-file-extension
gig-file-description GigaSampler/GigaStudio audio data
gig-file-description Files with gig extension can be found as audio files in one of the GigaSample / GigaStudio audio formats.

gih-file-extension
gih-file-description GIMP animated brush
gih-file-description Files with gih suffix might be mostly found as animated brush settings for GIMP image editor.

gil-file-extension
gil-file-description GILS document
gil-file-description Files with gil file extension can be found as SGML documents. Probably no longer used format.

gim-file-extension
gim-file-description Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove identity message file
gim-file-description Files with gim extension are used for Microsoft SharePoint Workspace. It works as identity message files.

gin-file-extension
gin-file-description GEMS engine control unit
gin-file-description A gin file extension is related to the GEMS engine control unit file format.

ginspect_prj-file-extension
ginspect_prj-file-description GOM Inspect project
ginspect_prj-file-description A ginspect_prj file extension is related to the GOM Inspect software for 3D inspection. A ginspect_prj file contains project.

gio-file-extension
gio-file-description Nyquist midi test file
gio-file-description Files with gio extension are used by the Nyquist software.

gip-file-extension
gip-file-description Ghost Installer package
gip-file-description Files with gip extension might be mainly found as installation packages used by Ghost Installer.

gir-file-extension
gir-file-description Gens Plus! movie file
gir-file-description Files with gir extension are used for the Gens Plus! which is Sega Genesis emulator. They contain captured movie files.

gis-file-extension
gis-file-description Erdas gray-scale bitmap image
gis-file-description A gis file extension is related to the ERDAS IMAGINE and used for its bitmap images.

git-file-extension
git-file-description BioWare Aurora game engine area file
git-file-description The git file extension is one of three files which describes Area, used in BioWare Aurora engine. It contains game objects and sound properties.

gitattributes-file-extension
gitattributes-file-description Git attribute
gitattributes-file-description Files with gitattributes extension are almost definitely special attribute files for the Git distributed version control system.

gitconfig-file-extension
gitconfig-file-description Git configuration
gitconfig-file-description The gitconfig file extension is related to the Git configuration data.

gitext-file-extension
gitext-file-description Git extension
gitext-file-description A gitext file extension is related to the Git software and used for its extensions.

gitignore-file-extension
gitignore-file-description Git ignore data
gitignore-file-description Files with gitignore extension can be most often encountered as special data files for Git versioning system. These stores information about files that Git should intentionally ignore.

gitkeep-file-extension
gitkeep-file-description Gitkeep data
gitkeep-file-description Files with gitkeep file extension can be commonly found in empty folders as a placeholder so Git can track them.

gitmodules-file-extension
gitmodules-file-description Git module
gitmodules-file-description A gitmodules file extension is related to the GIT a version control system from Linus Torvalds.

giw-file-extension
giw-file-description Graph-in-the-Box for Windows presentation
giw-file-description A giw file extension is related to the Graph-in-the-Box, a presentation software for Windows. A giw file stores presentation.

gix-file-extension
gix-file-description Genigraphics graphics link presentation
gix-file-description Files with gix file extension might be found as old presentation links from Genigraphics. Most likely obsolete file type.

gizmo-file-extension
gizmo-file-description Gizmo Central data
gizmo-file-description A gizmo file extension is related to the Gizmo Central software.

gi_-file-extension
gi_-file-description Unknown file extension
gi_-file-description Files with gi_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

gjam-file-extension
gjam-file-description Google Jamboard document
gjam-file-description A gjam file extension is related to the Google Jamboard software. A gjam file contains interactive document.

gjd-file-extension
gjd-file-description The 11th Hour game file
gjd-file-description Files with gjd extension are used for old computer game The 11th Hour.

gjf-file-extension
gjf-file-description Gaussian input data
gjf-file-description Files with gjf file extension can be found as input data files for Gaussian software.

gka-file-extension
gka-file-description GKWIN data
gka-file-description A gka file extension is related to the GKWIN software from Matsushita.

gkf-file-extension
gkf-file-description GAUSS Engine license data
gkf-file-description A gkf file extension is related to the GAUSS Engine and used for its license files.

gkh-file-extension
gkh-file-description Ensoniq EPS family disk floppy file
gkh-file-description Files with gkh extension are associated with Ensoniq EPS floppy images.

gko-file-extension
gko-file-description Gerber keep out layer
gko-file-description Files with gko file extension are commonly found as one of the PCB Gerber formats. Used for design and manufacturing of printed circuit boards.

gkon-file-extension
gkon-file-description GraphicConverter data
gkon-file-description A gkon file extension is related to the GraphicConverter and used for its data files.

gkp-file-extension
gkp-file-description GameKeyboard data
gkp-file-description Files with gkp file extension can be found in relation to GameKeyboard app for Android.

gks-file-extension
gks-file-description Graphical Kernel System fle
gks-file-description Files with gks extension were associated with Graphical Kernel System graphic file format. No more often used.

gl-file-extension
gl-file-description Graphical System for Presentation animation
gl-file-description A gl file extension is associated with the Graphical System for Presentation (GRASP) animation files.

gl2-file-extension
gl2-file-description HP Graphics Language plotter document
gl2-file-description Files with gl2 extension are mainly found as plotter files saved in the HP Graphics Language and used for HPGL (HP-GL).

gl7-file-extension
gl7-file-description Unknown file extension
gl7-file-description Files with gl7 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

gla-file-extension
gla-file-description Quake 3 Arena skeleton data
gla-file-description A gla file extension is related to the Quake 3 Arena video game. A gla file stores skeleton data.

glad-file-extension
glad-file-description GenePattern GLAD data
glad-file-description A .glad file extension is related to the GenePattern gene expression analyzing tool.

glade-file-extension
glade-file-description Glade project
glade-file-description A glade file extension is related to the Glade for Gnome RAD tool. A glade file stores programming project.

gladinetsp-file-extension
gladinetsp-file-description Gladinet configuration
gladinetsp-file-description The gladinetsp file extension is related to the Gladinet Cloud software.

glb-file-extension
glb-file-description Raptor: Call Of The Shadows support data
glb-file-description A glb file extension is associated with the Raptor: Call Of The Shadows video game. A glb file contains support data.

glc-file-extension
glc-file-description iGIS data
glc-file-description A glc file extension is related to the iGIS a mobile GIS software for Apple iOS operating system. A glc file contains some kind of GIS data.

gld-file-extension
gld-file-description 3dfx Glide data
gld-file-description Files with gld file suffix are related to the Glide, an API for creating 3D games for 3dfx Voodoo series video cards.

glf-file-extension
glf-file-description iGolf golf course
glf-file-description A glf file extension is related to the iGolf a GPS navigation software. A glf file contains golf course.

glh-file-extension
glh-file-description Wise Installer temporary file
glh-file-description Files with glh suffix may be usually found as old temporary files generated by the Wise Installer tool. Can be deleted safely.

glif-file-extension
glif-file-description Glyph Interchange Format
glif-file-description Files with glif suffix can be most notably encountered as glyphs saved in a special XML format for RoboFab program.

glink-file-extension
glink-file-description Link to third-party Google Drive web application document
glink-file-description Files with glink file extension are URL links to a document, drawing or other element from a third-party app connected to Google Drive. These are just URL links, not the actual files with data.

glk-file-extension
glk-file-description Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove shortcut file
glk-file-description Files with glk file extension are shortcuts created with Microsoft Groove, now known as SharePoint Workspace.

glksave-file-extension
glksave-file-description Zoom game save package
glksave-file-description Files with glksave extension can be most notably found as game packages from the Zoom player for Z-Code

gll-file-extension
gll-file-description EASE SpeakerLab compiled text file
gll-file-description Files with gll extension are in most cases compiled text files from EASE SpeakerLab room acoustics simulation software.

glm-file-extension
glm-file-description GLIM data
glm-file-description A glm file extension is related to the GLIM, a statistical software. A glm file stores some kind of data used by GLIM.

glnk-file-extension
glnk-file-description TRANSFER linkage definitions
glnk-file-description A glnk file extension is related to the TRANSFER software. A glnk file contains linkage definitions.

glo-file-extension
glo-file-description Adobe RoboHelp glossary file
glo-file-description Files with glo suffix are in most cases glossary files from Adobe RoboHelp help preparation software.

global-file-extension
global-file-description Global makefile
global-file-description A global file extension is related to the Global makefile format used by various development tools.

globe-file-extension
globe-file-description Globe ransomware affected file
globe-file-description Files with globe suffix can be typically found as encrypted and renamed files affected by the Globe ransomware.

glos-file-extension
glos-file-description Microsoft Word for Mac glossary data
glos-file-description A glos file extension is related to the Microsoft Word for Mac, a word processing software. A glos file contains glossary data.

glox-file-extension
glox-file-description Microsoft Office SmartArt graphic layout definitions package
glox-file-description A glox file extension is related to the Microsoft Office SmartArt and used for its graphic layout definitions package files.

glp-file-extension
glp-file-description NaviEdit geoconsult long profile
glp-file-description A glp file extension is related to the NaviEdit and used for its geoconsult long profile files.

glr-file-extension
glr-file-description ImageDupeless data
glr-file-description A glr file extension is related to the ImageDupeless and used for its data files.

gls-file-extension
gls-file-description GLScript file
gls-file-description Files with gls extension are used for GLSript files. They are used for animation scripts of the game.

glsl-file-extension
glsl-file-description OpenGL Shading Language source code
glsl-file-description Files with glsl file extension is related to OpenGL Shading Language. A glsl file stores source code.

glt-file-extension
glt-file-description Sothink Glenda data
glt-file-description Files with glt file extension might be found as files from Softhink Gelda app.

gltf-file-extension
gltf-file-description GL Transmission Format
gltf-file-description A gltf file extension is related to the GL Transmission Format, a file format for rendering 3D scenes.

glu-file-extension
glu-file-description Cyberglue data
glu-file-description Files with glu file extension can be found as part of Memberconnex software from Cyberglue.

gluaw-file-extension
gluaw-file-description Programmer's Notepad text
gluaw-file-description A gluaw file extension is associated with the Programmer's Notepad program. A gluaw file stores text.

glue-file-extension
glue-file-description GlueMon audio data
glue-file-description A glue file extension is related to the GlueMon audio software. A .glue file contains audio data.

glut-file-extension
glut-file-description OpenGL GLUT data
glut-file-description A glut file extension is related to the GLUT, a used to writing programs for OpenGL. A glut file stores data.

glut2-file-extension
glut2-file-description OpenGL Glut-3.6 file
glut2-file-description Detailed description

glut3-file-extension
glut3-file-description OpenGL GLUT file
glut3-file-description Detailed description

glv-file-extension
glv-file-description Glove data
glv-file-description Files with glv file extension are used by Glove data format.

glw-file-extension
glw-file-description Economatica saved screen
glw-file-description A glw file extension is related to the Economatica software and used for its saved screen files.

glx-file-extension
glx-file-description DataStudio experiment
glx-file-description Files with glx file extension can be typically found as some kind of experiment files from DataStudio.

gly-file-extension
gly-file-description Microsoft Word glossary file
gly-file-description Files with gly extension are used by Microsoft Word and they were used to convert glossary data between different versions of Microsoft Word.

glyphs-file-extension
glyphs-file-description Glyphs character data
glyphs-file-description A glyphs file extension is associated with the Glyphs app. A glyphs file stores symbol or character in vector graphics format.

glz-file-extension
glz-file-description Crossword Power Tools crossword library
glz-file-description Files with glz file extension might be found as crossword libraries from Crossword Power Tools.

gm-file-extension
gm-file-description Transport Tycoon game music
gm-file-description A gm file extension is associated with the Transport Tycoon computer game from Microprose. A gm file stores game music.

gm1-file-extension
gm1-file-description Heroes of Might & Magic 3 saved game
gm1-file-description A gm1 file extension is related to the Heroes of Might & Magic 3 computer game. A gm1 file stores saved game position.

gm2-file-extension
gm2-file-description Heroes of Might & Magic III saved game file
gm2-file-description Files with gm2 extension are used for the Heroes of Might & Magic III computer game. They include game saves.

gm3-file-extension
gm3-file-description Heroes of Might & Magic III saved game
gm3-file-description A gm3 file extension is related to the Heroes of Might & Magic III, a turn-based strategic computer game. A gm3 file stores saved game position.

gm4-file-extension
gm4-file-description Autologic bitmap image
gm4-file-description A gm4 file extension is related to the autologic bitmap image format. Obsolete format.

gm6-file-extension
gm6-file-description Game Maker project
gm6-file-description A gm6 file extension is related to the Game Maker, a development tool. A gm6 file contains project.

gm81-file-extension
gm81-file-description GameMaker data
gm81-file-description A gm81 file extension is related to the GameMaker, a video games development software and used for its data files.

gma-file-extension
gma-file-description Garry's Mod add-on
gma-file-description Files with gma file extension can be nowadays found as special add-ons for Garry's Mod sandbox computer game.

gmad-file-extension
gmad-file-description Valve Steam resource
gmad-file-description A gmad file extension is related to the Valve Steam. A gmad file stores resource.

gmailfs-file-extension
gmailfs-file-description Unknown file extension
gmailfs-file-description Files with gmailfs file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

gmanifest-file-extension
gmanifest-file-description Google Desktop gadget control data
gmanifest-file-description A gmanifest file extension is related to the Google Desktop software. A gmanifest file stores gadget control file.

gmap-file-extension
gmap-file-description Garmin map
gmap-file-description A gmap file extension is related to the Garmin map file format used by Garmin GPS navigation devices and navigation apps for Mac and Windows.

gmax-file-extension
gmax-file-description Autodesk Gmax data
gmax-file-description A .gmax file extension is related to the Autodesk Gmax.

gmb-file-extension
gmb-file-description WinDS PRO file
gmb-file-description A gmb file extension is related to the WinDS PRO and used for its data files.

gmbck-file-extension
gmbck-file-description Game Maker background image
gmbck-file-description A gmbck file extension is related to the Game Maker program and used for its background images.

gmbl-file-extension
gmbl-file-description Logger data
gmbl-file-description A gmbl file extension is related to the Logger form Vernier Software. A gmbl file stores data.

gmc-file-extension
gmc-file-description Global Mapper catalog data
gmc-file-description Files with gmc file extension might be found as map catalogs from Global Mapper GIS software.

gmd-file-extension
gmd-file-description GameMaker stored game
gmd-file-description A gmd file extension is related to the GameMaker software for Windows used to develop computer games.

gme-file-extension
gme-file-description Gunbound main Gunbound executable
gme-file-description Files with gme file extension can also be found as main executables for Gunbound computer game.

gmez-file-extension
gmez-file-description GameMaker Studio extension
gmez-file-description A gmez file extension is related to the GameMaker Studio, a video game development tool. A gmez file stores extension.

gmf-file-extension
gmf-file-description Robot Arena Design and Destroy graphic data
gmf-file-description Files with gmf file extension are used for Robot Arena: Design & Destroy, they include graphic data.

gmg-file-extension
gmg-file-description Global Mapper grid data
gmg-file-description A gmg file extension is related to the Global Mapper, a software for Microsoft Windows operating system.

gmi-file-extension
gmi-file-description GPS Tuner map calibration data
gmi-file-description Files with gmi file extension can be found as map calibration data for GPS Turner navigation software solutions.

gmk-file-extension
gmk-file-description GameMaker project
gmk-file-description Files with gmk suffix can be most often found as game projects prepared using GameMaker video gaming development tool for Windows.

gml-file-extension
gml-file-description Geography Markup Language data
gml-file-description Files with gml extension can be often encountered as waypoints or other gps data saved in the Geography Markup Language.

gmm-file-extension
gmm-file-description Global Mobile Media media data
gmm-file-description A gmm file extension is associated with the Global Mobile Media media data format.

gmmp-file-extension
gmmp-file-description WCS GMMP gamut mapping profile
gmmp-file-description A gmmp file extension is related to the Windows Color System.

gmn-file-extension
gmn-file-description Garmin track log
gmn-file-description A gmn file extension is related to Garmin GPS navigation units and used for its track log files.

gmo-file-extension
gmo-file-description GNU Gettext machine object
gmo-file-description A gmo file extension is related to the GNU Gettext software for GNU operating system.

gmp-file-extension
gmp-file-description Geomorph tile map
gmp-file-description A gmp file extension is related to the height field generator called Geomorph and used for its tile maps.

gmr-file-extension
gmr-file-description Schlafhorst Automation graphical monitor record
gmr-file-description A gmr file extension is related to the Schlafhorst Automation graphical monitor record format.

gmres-file-extension
gmres-file-description Game Maker resource data
gmres-file-description A gmres file extension is related to the Game Maker, a video game development tool. A gmres file stores resources.

gms-file-extension
gms-file-description libGMS gesture and motion signal data
gms-file-description A gms file extension is associated with the  libGMS gesture and motion signal file format.

gmspr-file-extension
gmspr-file-description GameMaker sprite
gmspr-file-description Files with gmspr extension are sprites used in GameMaker program.

gmt-file-extension
gmt-file-description rFactor model
gmt-file-description A gmt file extension is related to the rFactor, a racing simulation computer game. A gmt file stores model.

gmv-file-extension
gmv-file-description Cyberboard move data
gmv-file-description A gmv file extension is related to the Cyberboard move file format. Probably obsolete.

gmw-file-extension
gmw-file-description Global Mapper workspace
gmw-file-description A gmw file extension is related to the Global Mapper, a GIS software for Microsoft Windows operating system. A gmw file stores workspace definition.

gmx-file-extension
gmx-file-description GroupMail message file
gmx-file-description Files with gmx suffix can be most often found as message files from GroupMail software.

gmz-file-extension
gmz-file-description GameMaker complete source
gmz-file-description A gmz file extension is related to GameMaker and used for its complete resource files.

gna-file-extension
gna-file-description Genigraphics Graphics Link Presentation data
gna-file-description Files with gna file extension are presentations in old Genigraphics Graphics Link format.

gnc-file-extension
gnc-file-description GnuCash data
gnc-file-description Files with gnc file extension can be mainly found as accounting data exchange files from the GnuCash free accounting software.

gnd-file-extension
gnd-file-description Geography Network document
gnd-file-description A gnd file extension is related to the Geography Network document files.

gne-file-extension
gne-file-description Flickr PHP data
gne-file-description A gne file extension is related to the Flicker, an Internet digital photo sharing service.

gnet-file-extension
gnet-file-description PJM data
gnet-file-description Files with gnet file extension might be found as one of the data files from PJM software platform.

gnh-file-extension
gnh-file-description GravoStyle data
gnh-file-description A gnh file extension is related to the GravoStyle, an app for manage laser and rotary engraving machines.

gni-file-extension
gni-file-description VisiDAQ strategy data
gni-file-description A gni file extension is related to the VisiDAQ strategy files.

gnl-file-extension
gnl-file-description GNT Analyzer result data
gnl-file-description Files with gnl file extension can be found as results files generated by GNT Analyzer program.

gnm-file-extension
gnm-file-description GNM Output music
gnm-file-description A gnm file extension is related to the Generator, an emulator of Sega consoles. A gnm file stores music.

gno-file-extension
gno-file-description GenoPro genealogy
gno-file-description Files with gno extension can be typically encountered as genealogy data files from GenoPro genealogy research software.

gnote-file-extension
gnote-file-description Google Keep note
gnote-file-description A gnote file extension is related to the Google Keep and used for its note files.

gnp-file-extension
gnp-file-description GNXAS GNPeak output data
gnp-file-description Files with gnp file extension can mainly be found as output files from GNXAS software.

gns-file-extension
gns-file-description Sound Health Abacus genesis file
gns-file-description Files with gns suffix are usually found as data files from Sound Health Abacus software. Genesis file.

gnt-file-extension
gnt-file-description Micro Focus COBOL generated code
gnt-file-description Files with gnt file extension can be found as some kind of generated source code made in COBOL programming language.

gnu-file-extension
gnu-file-description GNU licence information
gnu-file-description A gnu file extension is related to the GNU license information stored in text form.

gnucash-file-extension
gnucash-file-description GnuCash financial data
gnucash-file-description The gnucash file extension is related to the GnuCash software and used for its financial data.

gnumakefile-file-extension
gnumakefile-file-description GNU Make makefile
gnumakefile-file-description The .gnumakefile file extension is related to the GNU Make app and used for its makefiles.

gnutar-file-extension
gnutar-file-description TAR archive
gnutar-file-description A gnutar file extension is associated with the GNU TAR compression tool.

gnx-file-extension
gnx-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint data
gnx-file-description A gnx file extension is related to the Microsoft PowerPoint presentation software for Windows and macOS (OS X).

go-file-extension
go-file-description Google Go programming language source code
go-file-description A go file extension is related to Google Go programming language. A go file stores source code.

go%21-file-extension
go%21-file-description Go!Zilla unfinished download
go%21-file-description A go! file extension is related to the Go!Zilla, an Internet download management tool. A go! file contains unfinished download.

goa-file-extension
goa-file-description SpiceCAD data
goa-file-description Files with goa file extension are data files from SpiceCAD program. One of the default formats.

gob-file-extension
gob-file-description LucasArts game resource file
gob-file-description Files with gob suffix are in most cases found in old games from LucasArts, such as Indiana Jones or Dark Forces series.

gobj-file-extension
gobj-file-description Geoworks object code file
gobj-file-description Files with gobj extension are used by the Geoworks and they contain object codes.

goc-file-extension
goc-file-description GEOS GOC source code file
goc-file-description Files with goc extension are used by the GEOS operating system. They include source code data.

god-file-extension
god-file-description Populous 2 saved game file
god-file-description Files with god extension are used by the Populous II: Trials of the Olympian Gods computer game. It contain saved game progress data.

goe-file-extension
goe-file-description McIDAS system Satellite image data GOES file
goe-file-description Detailed description

goes-file-extension
goes-file-description McIDAS Satellite image data
goes-file-description Detailed description

gof-file-extension
gof-file-description GameExchange raw object definition data
gof-file-description Files with gof file extension are related to the GameExchange raw object definition files.

gofin-file-extension
gofin-file-description Druki Gofin document
gofin-file-description Files with gofin file extension can be found as documents created and saved in Polish Druki Gofin software.

gog-file-extension
gog-file-description Drumagog sample data
gog-file-description Files with gog file extension can be mostly found as audio samples from Drumagog drum software plug-in.

goh-file-extension
goh-file-description Geoworks GOC header data
goh-file-description A goh file extension is related to the Geoworks GOC header files.

gold-file-extension
gold-file-description Gnome Desktop data
gold-file-description A gold file extension is related to the Gnome Desktop and used for its data files.

gom-file-extension
gom-file-description gOpenMol model
gom-file-description A gom file extension is related to the gOpenMol an obsolete software. A gom file stores model created in the gOpenMol.

gonewiththewings-file-extension
gonewiththewings-file-description Unknown file extension
gonewiththewings-file-description Files with gonewiththewings file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

goo-file-extension
goo-file-description Kai's Power Goo picture
goo-file-description A goo file extension is related to the Kai's SuperGoo software. A goo file contains picture.

good-file-extension
good-file-description Scatter ransomware affected data
good-file-description Files with .good file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed archives affected by the "Scatter" ransomware.

google2-file-extension
google2-file-description Unknown file extension
google2-file-description Files with google2 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

goomod-file-extension
goomod-file-description World of Goo data
goomod-file-description A goomod file extension is related to the World of Goo video game.

gor-file-extension
gor-file-description Myth: The Fallen Lords game data
gor-file-description A gor file extension is related to the Myth: The Fallen Lords real-time strategic computer game. A gor file contains game data.

gorm-file-extension
gorm-file-description Gorm interface resource data
gorm-file-description A gorm file extension is related to the Gorm software and used for its interface resource files.

gotmp-file-extension
gotmp-file-description Gaussian Z-matrix template file
gotmp-file-description Detailed description

gotomeeting-file-extension
gotomeeting-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting-file-description A gotomeeting file extension is related to the GoToMeeting meeting service.

gotomeeting1082-file-extension
gotomeeting1082-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting1082-file-description A gotomeeting1082 file extension is related to the GoToMeeting application from Citrix.

gotomeeting2539-file-extension
gotomeeting2539-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting2539-file-description Files with gotomeeting2539 file extension are related to the GoToMeeting data format.

gotomeeting3499-file-extension
gotomeeting3499-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting3499-file-description Files with gotomeeting3499 file extension are related to the GoToMeeting software.

gotomeeting3880-file-extension
gotomeeting3880-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting3880-file-description Files with gotomeeting3880 file suffix are related to the GoToMeeting software.

gotomeeting3911-file-extension
gotomeeting3911-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting3911-file-description Files with gotomeeting3911 file suffix are related to the GoToMeeting software.

gotomeeting4007-file-extension
gotomeeting4007-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4007-file-description Files with gotomeeting4007 file extension are related to the GoToMeeting program.

gotomeeting4062-file-extension
gotomeeting4062-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4062-file-description Files with gotomeeting4062 file extension are associated with the GoToMeeting program.

gotomeeting4099-file-extension
gotomeeting4099-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4099-file-description Files with gotomeeting4099 file extension are associated with GoToMeeting data format.

gotomeeting4151-file-extension
gotomeeting4151-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4151-file-description A gotomeeting4151 file is related to the GoToMeeting, a meeting program.

gotomeeting4190-file-extension
gotomeeting4190-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4190-file-description A gotomeeting4190 file extension is associated with the GoToMeeting data format.

gotomeeting4288-file-extension
gotomeeting4288-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4288-file-description Files with gotomeeting4288 file suffix are related to the GoToMeeting software.

gotomeeting4340-file-extension
gotomeeting4340-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4340-file-description A gotomeeting4340 file extension is related to the GoToMeeting data format.

gotomeeting4376-file-extension
gotomeeting4376-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4376-file-description A gotomeeting4376 file extension is related to the GoToMeeting data format.

gotomeeting4419-file-extension
gotomeeting4419-file-description GoToMeeting data
gotomeeting4419-file-description Files with gotomeeting4419 file suffix are associated with GoToMeeting data format.

gov-file-extension
gov-file-description Netmino data
gov-file-description A gov file extension is related to the Netmino and used for its various data files.

gox-file-extension
gox-file-description The Games Factory extension file
gox-file-description Files with GOX extension can be found as special extensions-addons for The Games Factory.

goz-file-extension
goz-file-description ZBrush GoZ data
goz-file-description A goz file extension is related to the ZBrush 3D art rendering tool. A goz file stores some kind of data for GoZ feature.

gp-file-extension
gp-file-description Gofer project source
gp-file-description Files with gp extension can be most notably be found as source codes or scripts written in Gofer programming language that is based on Haskell language dialect.

gp1-file-extension
gp1-file-description Street Atlas GPS log
gp1-file-description A gp1 file extension is related to the Street Atlas USA and used for its GPS log files.

gp2-file-extension
gp2-file-description Gerber inner plane 2 (negative) data
gp2-file-description Files with gp2 file extension are commonly found as one of the PCB gerber formats. Used for design and manufacturing of printed circuit boards.

gp3-file-extension
gp3-file-description Guitar Pro 3 project
gp3-file-description Files with gp3 extension can mainly be found as projects created in Guitar Pro 3 software from Arobas Music.

gp6-file-extension
gp6-file-description Mistaken Guitar Pro file format
gp6-file-description Files with gp6 extension are not yet used by program known for us.

gpb-file-extension
gpb-file-description Gerber bottom pad master data
gpb-file-description Files with gpb extension are commonly found as one of the PCB gerber formats. Used for design and manufacturing of printed circuit boards.

gpbank-file-extension
gpbank-file-description Guitar Pro audio bank
gpbank-file-description Files with gpbank file extension can be usually encountered as audio banks from Guitar Pro software.

gpc-file-extension
gpc-file-description ABO financial exchange message
gpc-file-description Files with gpc extension are related to the ABO (automatic bank operations) financial data exchange format used by banks in Czech Republic and Slovakia.

gpd-file-extension
gpd-file-description Microsoft Windows universal printer unidrv minidriver
gpd-file-description A gpd file extension is related to Microsoft Windows operating system. A gpd file stores universal printer driver.

gpe-file-extension
gpe-file-description GP2X video game executable file
gpe-file-description Files with gp2x extension are used as an open-source, Linux-based handheld video game console and media player files.

gpf-file-extension
gpf-file-description Ganaxa’s Publishing e-book
gpf-file-description A gpf file extension is associated with the e-book format developed by Ganaxa’s Publishing.

gpg-file-extension
gpg-file-description GNU Privacy Guard public keyring
gpg-file-description Files with gpg extension are related to the GNU Privacy Guard encryption software and contain public keyring for decryption protected files.

gph-file-extension
gph-file-description Stata graph data
gph-file-description Files with gph extension can be usually found as graphs from Stata data analysis software.

gpi-file-extension
gpi-file-description Garmin Point of Interest
gpi-file-description A gpi file stores list of points of interest for Garmin GPS navigation devices and GPS software.

gpj-file-extension
gpj-file-description gINT project
gpj-file-description Files with gpj file extension can be found as projects from GINT geotechnical software.

gpk-file-extension
gpk-file-description HP OmniGo GEOS compressed file archive
gpk-file-description A gpk file extension is related to the GEOS operating system installed in HP OmniGo organizer. A gpk file stores file archive.

gpkg-file-extension
gpkg-file-description Gramps package
gpkg-file-description Files with gpkg extension can be often found as genealogy data saved in the Gramps software.

gpl-file-extension
gpl-file-description Street Atlas USA GPL log
gpl-file-description Files with gpl file extension might be mainly found as some maps for Street Atlas USA GPS software.

gplf-file-extension
gplf-file-description Multimedia data
gplf-file-description A gplf file extension is associated with the multimedia format used by some Chinese devices.

gplt-file-extension
gplt-file-description Gnuplot plot file
gplt-file-description Files with gplt extension are used by the Gnuplot application which creates these files.

gpm-file-extension
gpm-file-description Ragnarok Online update
gpm-file-description A gpm file extension is related to the Ragnarock Online computer game. A gpm file contains update.

gpn-file-extension
gpn-file-description GlidePlan map document
gpn-file-description Files with gpn file extension are used for GlidePlan. They include maps generated by GlidePlan.

gpp-file-extension
gpp-file-description Serif GraphicsPlus object
gpp-file-description A gpp file extension is related to the Serif GraphicsPlus. A gpp file contains graphics object.

gpr-file-extension
gpr-file-description GenePix results
gpr-file-description Files with gpr file extension can be quite often found as results from the GenePix Pro molecular analysis software.

gprj-file-extension
gprj-file-description Gearotic Motion project
gprj-file-description Files with gprj file extension can be found as saved projects from Gearotic Motion software.

gprmc-file-extension
gprmc-file-description GPS data
gprmc-file-description Files with gprmc file extension might be found as some sort of GPS related data files.

gprop-file-extension
gprop-file-description gPhotoShow image property data
gprop-file-description A gprop file extension is related to the gPhotoShow image property files.

gprx-file-extension
gprx-file-description Geoxa project
gprx-file-description A gprx file extension is related to the Geoxa Editor and used for its project files.

gps-file-extension
gps-file-description BPM Studio play list structure
gps-file-description A gps file extension is related to the BPM Studio, an audio application for Djs. A gps file stores play list structure.

gpscan-file-extension
gpscan-file-description GrandPerspective scan data
gpscan-file-description A gpscan file extension is related to the GrandPerspective and used for its scan files.

gpt-file-extension
gpt-file-description Gerber top pad master data
gpt-file-description Files with gpt file extension are commonly found as one of the PCB gerber formats. Used for design and manufacturing of printed circuit boards.

gpu-file-extension
gpu-file-description GP2X utility program
gpu-file-description A gpu file extension is associated with the GP2X, a handheld video gaming console. A gpu file stores utility program.

gpw-file-extension
gpw-file-description AutoCAD Civil 3D Hydraflow Hydrographs Extension data
gpw-file-description A gpw file extension is related to the Autodesk AutoCAD Civil 3D Hydraflow Hydrographs Extension.

gpz-file-extension
gpz-file-description IBM DB2 Document Manager document history data
gpz-file-description Files with gpz file extension are document history files from IBM DB2 Document Manager.

gp_-file-extension
gp_-file-description Unknown file extension
gp_-file-description Files with gp_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

gq-file-extension
gq-file-description QLFC archive or Epson Printer page description language
gq-file-description Files with gq file extension might be found as old QLFC archives or Epson Printer drivers.

gqa-file-extension
gqa-file-description BI/Query data model admin layer
gqa-file-description A gqa file extension is related to the BI/Query data model admin layer format.

gqf-file-extension
gqf-file-description GrafEq data
gqf-file-description Files with gqf file extension might be found as graphic drawings created using the GrafEq program.

gqs-file-extension
gqs-file-description GrafEq data file
gqs-file-description Files with gqs extension are used by the GrafEq program. They include some encoded data.

gqsx-file-extension
gqsx-file-description Microsoft Office SmartArt style definitions package
gqsx-file-description A gqsx file extension is related to the SmartArt function from Microsoft Office. A gqsx file contains style definitions package.

gr2-file-extension
gr2-file-description Microsoft Windows screen driver
gr2-file-description Files with gr2 extension could also be found in old Windows 3.x operating system. These files were screen drivers.

gr3-file-extension
gr3-file-description Graphics device driver
gr3-file-description A gr3 file extension is related to graphics device drivers.

gr4-file-extension
gr4-file-description Pathloss sharing data
gr4-file-description A gr4 file extension is related to the Pathloss and used for its sharing files.

gr7-file-extension
gr7-file-description ATARI graphics 7 image
gr7-file-description Files with the gr7 file extension are related to the ATARI graphics 7 file format.

gr8-file-extension
gr8-file-description Stock Study Guide data
gr8-file-description A gr8 file extension is related to the Stock Study Guide program for Windows.

gr9-file-extension
gr9-file-description ATARI Graphics 9 picture image
gr9-file-description A gr9 file extension is associated with the ATARI Graphics 9 picture image format.

gr96a-file-extension
gr96a-file-description GROMOS96 (A) chemical modeller input file
gr96a-file-description Files with GR96A extension might be found as chemical model data files for GROMOS program.

gr96n-file-extension
gr96n-file-description GROMOS96 (nm) chemical modeller input file
gr96n-file-description Files with GR96N extension might be chemical data files for GMOOS program.

gra-file-extension
gra-file-description Microsoft Graph chart
gra-file-description A gra file extension is related to the Microsoft Graph. A gra file stores chart.

grade-file-extension
grade-file-description GradeStat document
grade-file-description A grade file extension is related to the GradeStat document file format.

gradientlibrary-file-extension
gradientlibrary-file-description Corel Painter gradient library
gradientlibrary-file-description Files with gradientlibrary file extension are associated with the Corel Painter picture image editing software.

gradients-file-extension
gradients-file-description Corel Painter gradation library
gradients-file-description Files with gradients file extension are commonly used by Corel Painter picture editing application.

gradle-file-extension
gradle-file-description Android Studio build data
gradle-file-description Files with gradle extension can be most often encountered as build files for Android Studio.

grads-file-extension
grads-file-description PINGO GrADS data
grads-file-description A grads file extension is related to the PINGO. The GRADS file contains GrADS data.

graf-file-extension
graf-file-description Digital F/X image
graf-file-description A .graf file extension is related to the Digital F/X image file format.

graffle-file-extension
graffle-file-description OmniGraffle drawing
graffle-file-description Files with graffle file extension might be found as vector drawings made in OmniGraffle diagramming and charting program.

gramps-file-extension
gramps-file-description Gramps data
gramps-file-description A gramps file extension is associated with the Gramps a genealogy software.

graph-file-extension
graph-file-description GraphSLAM data
graph-file-description The graph file extension is related to the GraphSLAM and used for its data files.

graphml-file-extension
graphml-file-description Graph Markup Language source code
graphml-file-description Files with graphml extension can be found as graphs in GraphML graphing format. Specific XML format for graphs.

graphmlz-file-extension
graphmlz-file-description Compressed GraphML source code
graphmlz-file-description A graphmlz file extension is related to the Compressed GraphML source file format.

graphmz-file-extension
graphmz-file-description GrapML graph
graphmz-file-description A graphmz file extension is related to the GraphML graph file format. A graphmz file contains graph.

grasp-file-extension
grasp-file-description Graphical System for Presentation animation data
grasp-file-description A grasp file extension is related to the Graphical System for Presentation animation file format.

gray-file-extension
gray-file-description RAW gray samples bitmap image
gray-file-description A gray file extension is related to the RAW gray samples bitmap image file format.

grb-file-extension
grb-file-description MS-DOS Shell Monitor data
grb-file-description A grb file extension is related to the MS-DOS operating system. A grb file contains various data for MS-DOS Shell Monitor.

grbdropfile-file-extension
grbdropfile-file-description GetRight file
grbdropfile-file-description Files with GRBDROPFILE extension might be found as part of the GetRight download management software.

grc-file-extension
grc-file-description Affymetrix grid control data
grc-file-description A grc file extension is related to the GeneChip Instrument System and used for its grid control data.

grd-file-extension
grd-file-description Adobe Photoshop gradient preset
grd-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe GRD file extension!

grdb-file-extension
grdb-file-description Gramps database
grdb-file-description A grdb file extension is related to the Gramps genealogy tool and used for its database files.

grdecl-file-extension
grdecl-file-description Eclipse specific data
grdecl-file-description A grdecl file extension is related to the Eclipse, an IDE for various operating systems.

gre-file-extension
gre-file-description GRETEP data
gre-file-description Files with gre file extension are associated with GRETEP program developed in France.

greenfoot-file-extension
greenfoot-file-description Greenfoot project
greenfoot-file-description A greenfoot file extension is related to the Greenfoot programming environment and used for its project files.

greenshot-file-extension
greenshot-file-description Greenshot data
greenshot-file-description A greenshot file extension is related to the Greenshot and used for its data files.

grey-file-extension
grey-file-description Raw image format
grey-file-description A .grey file extension is related to some kind of the RAW picture image file format or Amira 3D mesh file format.

grf-file-extension
grf-file-description Micrografx drawing
grf-file-description Files with grf file extension were are used in old program from Micrografx. These were drawings saved in the program.

grfx-file-extension
grfx-file-description GraphStudio filter graph data
grfx-file-description A grfx file extension is related to the GraphStudio filter graph file format.

grg-file-extension
grg-file-description GreatFamily graphic gallery
grg-file-description A grg file extension is related to the GreatFamily and used for its graphic gallery.

grh-file-extension
grh-file-description Little Fighter 1 bitmap image
grh-file-description A grh file extension is related to the Little Fighter 1 video game. A grh file contains bitmap image.

gri-file-extension
gri-file-description Petrosys grid data
gri-file-description A gri file extension is related to the Petrosys a program for petroleum exploration. A gri file stores grid.

grib-file-extension
grib-file-description WMO CBS FM 92-VIII ext. gridded binary data
grib-file-description A grib file extension is related to the WMO CBS FM 92-VIII Ext. Gridded Binary format.

grid-file-extension
grid-file-description GridMove grid settings
grid-file-description Files with grid file extension can be found as settings from the GridMove program.

grind-file-extension
grind-file-description Juice Grinder juice recipe
grind-file-description A grind file extension is related to the Juice Grinder and used for its juice recipe files.

grk-file-extension
grk-file-description Gradekeeper document
grk-file-description Files with grk file extension can be found as documents from Gradekepeer gradebook software.

grl-file-extension
grl-file-description Microsoft Windows Update status data
grl-file-description A grl file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Update service. A grl file contains status data.

grldr-file-extension
grldr-file-description GRUB4DOS internal loader data
grldr-file-description Files with grldr file suffix are associated with the GRUB4DOS internal loader data.

grle-file-extension
grle-file-description Farming Simulator saved game
grle-file-description Files with grle file extension can be found as files with saved game position from Farming Simulator.

grm-file-extension
grm-file-description MINOS data
grm-file-description A grm file extension is associated with the MINOS a tool for TOMLAB, GAMS, AMPL and AIMMS math packages.

grn-file-extension
grn-file-description Granny 3D file
grn-file-description Files with grn extension are used by the Granny 3D software. They include some data for internal purposes of the program.

gro-file-extension
gro-file-description Serious Sam game data
gro-file-description A gro file extension is associated with Serious Sam computer game and used for one of its game resource files. Can be extracted with Dragon UnPACKer.

grob-file-extension
grob-file-description Graphic Object Bitmap file
grob-file-description Detailed description

groove-file-extension
groove-file-description Sony ACID groove file
groove-file-description Files with groove extension are used for ACID Pro application. They contain many settings data for music styles.

groovy-file-extension
groovy-file-description Groovy programming language script
groovy-file-description Files with groovy extension an be mainly found as scripts written in the Groovy programming language.

group-file-extension
group-file-description Windows Mail group data
group-file-description A group file extension is related to the Windows Mail, an e-mail client for Microsoft Windows. A .group file stores a group of contacts.

groupproj-file-extension
groupproj-file-description Delphi project group
groupproj-file-description A groupproj file extension is related to the Delphi and RAD Studio. A groupproj file contains project group.

groups-file-extension
groups-file-description WM Keeper CLASSIC group data
groups-file-description A groups file extension is related to the WM Keeper Classic and used for its .groups files.

grov-file-extension
grov-file-description Reason data
grov-file-description A grov file extension is related to the Reason music composing software.

growlregdict-file-extension
growlregdict-file-description Growl temp file
growlregdict-file-description Files with growlregdict extension are used by the Growl notifications utility. It gives you new information without need to be in the current application.

growlstyle-file-extension
growlstyle-file-description Growl WebKit style file
growlstyle-file-description Detailed description

growlticket-file-extension
growlticket-file-description Growl notification file
growlticket-file-description Detailed description

growlview-file-extension
growlview-file-description Growl display plugin file
growlview-file-description Detailed description

grp-file-extension
grp-file-description Microsoft Windows program group
grp-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe GRP file extension!

grph-file-extension
grph-file-description GRPH data
grph-file-description A grph file extension is related to the GRPH, a JAVA library for manipulation of graphs. A grph file stores some kind of data.

grpinfo-file-extension
grpinfo-file-description Ion Fury GRP settings
grpinfo-file-description A grpinfo file extension is related to the Ion Fury, a 3D first person shooter video game from 3D Realms. A gprinfo file contains settings.

grr-file-extension
grr-file-description Gradekeeper class roster data
grr-file-description A grr file extension is related to the Gradekeeper and used for its class roster data.

grs-file-extension
grs-file-description GetRight skin
grs-file-description Files with grs file extension are related to the GetRight skins.

grt-file-extension
grt-file-description MegaHAL greeting file
grt-file-description Files with grt extension are used by MegaHAL software. They are used for some various data used for internal purposes.

gru-file-extension
gru-file-description Geist preset data
gru-file-description A gru file extension is associated with the Geist and used for its preset files.

grv-file-extension
grv-file-description Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove data
grv-file-description Files with grv file extension are mainly related to Microsoft Groove, now known as Microsoft SharePoint Workspace. These files contain Groove invitation.

grw-file-extension
grw-file-description SeeYou waypoint
grw-file-description A grw file extension is related to the SeeYou, a software for flight planning. A grw file contains waypoint.

grx-file-extension
grx-file-description GetRight file list
grx-file-description Files with grx file extension can be found as file lists saved in GetRight download manager.

grxml-file-extension
grxml-file-description Grammar data
grxml-file-description Files with grxml file extension can be found as grammar XML files.

gry-file-extension
gry-file-description Raw image (Raw GREY)
gry-file-description The .gry file extension is associated with the GREY digital RAW picture image file format.

gr_-file-extension
gr_-file-description Unknown file extension
gr_-file-description An gr_ file extension is related to the 7-zip and used for its compressed archives.

gs-file-extension
gs-file-description Google Apps Script script
gs-file-description Files with gs file extension can be usually found as scripts, for example those written in Google Apps Script scripting language.

gs0-file-extension
gs0-file-description Sega Genesis (Megadrive) emulator quick slot 0 saved game
gs0-file-description A gs0 file extension is related to some emulators of Sega Genesis video gaming console.

gs1-file-extension
gs1-file-description Genecyst  save state 1 file
gs1-file-description Files with gs1 extension are used by the Genecyst emulator. They contain saved game positions.

gs3-file-extension
gs3-file-description Genecyst game saved state 1
gs3-file-description A gs3 file extension is related to the Genecyst and used for its game saved state 1 files.

gs4-file-extension
gs4-file-description Genecyst saved state slot 4
gs4-file-description Files with gs4 file extension can be found as game saves from Genecyst video game emulator.

gs6-file-extension
gs6-file-description Genecyst save state 6 file
gs6-file-description Detailed description

gsa-file-extension
gsa-file-description SharePoint WorkSpace Groove workspace archive or template
gsa-file-description A gsa file extension is related to Microsoft Sharepoint WorkSpace (also known as Microsoft Groove). A gsa file stores templates or archive of working space.

gsb-file-extension
gsb-file-description Golden Software boundary data
gsb-file-description Files with gsb file extension may be mostly found as GIS boundary data files for programs developed and sold by Golden Software.

gsba-file-extension
gsba-file-description GameSave Manager save backup
gsba-file-description Files with gsba file extension can be found as game save backups from GameSave Manager program.

gsc-file-extension
gsc-file-description GeneStudio file
gsc-file-description Files with gsc file extension can be found as part of GeneStudio molecular biology program.

gscript-file-extension
gscript-file-description Link to Google Scripts web application script
gscript-file-description Files with gscript file extension are URL links to a script from Script app connected to Google Drive. These are just URL links, not the actual files with data.

gscx-file-extension
gscx-file-description Microsoft Office Diagram data
gscx-file-description A gscx file extension is related to the Microsoft Office for Windows and Mac. A gscx file stores diagram.

gsd-file-extension
gsd-file-description Generic Station Description
gsd-file-description Files with gsd file extension can be often encountered as special hardware description files saved in Generic Station Description format.

gsdu-file-extension
gsdu-file-description GameSave Manager database update
gsdu-file-description Files with gsdu file extension are game data base updates for the GameSave Manager. Used to add support for more games.

gse-file-extension
gse-file-description GeneSys export data
gse-file-description A gse file extension is related to the GeneSys and used for its exported data files.

gsf-file-extension
gsf-file-description Unidata GEMPAK map
gsf-file-description Files with gsf file extension are generally map files in GEMPACK Standard format. Used in GIS industry.

gsflib-file-extension
gsflib-file-description Game Boy Advance song library
gsflib-file-description A gsflib file extension is related to the Game Boy Advance handheld console.

gsh-file-extension
gsh-file-description GenStat spreadsheet
gsh-file-description A gsh file extension is associated with the GenStat program and used for its spreadsheet.

gshader-file-extension
gshader-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
gshader-file-description Files with gshader file extension are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio programming software.

gsi-file-extension
gsi-file-description Golden Software Interchange Format
gsi-file-description Files with gsi file extension can be found as files saved in the Golden Software Interchange Format. Produced by programs like MapViewer or Didger.

gsite-file-extension
gsite-file-description Google Drive data
gsite-file-description A gsite file extension is associated with the Google Drive and used for its data files.

gsk-file-extension
gsk-file-description Geocaching Swiss Army Knife macro
gsk-file-description A gsk file extension is related to the Geocaching Swiss Army Knife software. A gsk file stores macro.

gsl-file-extension
gsl-file-description GoodSync job list
gsl-file-description A gsl file extension is related to the GoodSync job list files. A gsl extension is also used by Roboform Everywhere.

gsm-file-extension
gsm-file-description ArchiCAD library object
gsm-file-description Files with gsm extension can be found as object libraries for ArchiCAD, a CAD software for Windows and Mac. Such gsm file stores object libraries.

gsms-file-extension
gsms-file-description GameSave Manager settings backup
gsms-file-description Files with gsms file extension are associated with the GameSave Manager settings backup.

gso-file-extension
gso-file-description GoldenSection Notes data
gso-file-description A gso file extension is related to the GoldenSection Notes software.

gsp-file-extension
gsp-file-description Geometer's Sketchpad material data
gsp-file-description Files with gps file extension can be found as material data files for the Geometer's Sketchpad construction tool.

gsproj-file-extension
gsproj-file-description GameSalad project
gsproj-file-description A gsproj file extension is related to the GameSalad, a video games development environment. A .gsproj file stores game project.

gsr-file-extension
gsr-file-description Golden Software GIS data
gsr-file-description Files with gsr file extension can be found as GIS files from Golden Software company.

gsrt-file-extension
gsrt-file-description Grandstream ringtone file
gsrt-file-description The gsrt file extension is related to the Grandstream ringtone file format.

gss-file-extension
gss-file-description Geometer's Sketchpad script
gss-file-description A gss file extension is related to the Geometer's Sketchpad and used for its script files.

gst-file-extension
gst-file-description Need for Speed game data
gst-file-description A gst file extension is related to the Need for Speed, a car racing game. A gst file stores game data.

gstat-file-extension
gstat-file-description CSD GSTAT chemical modeller input data
gstat-file-description A gstat file extension is related to the CSD GSTAT chemical modeler input data format.

gstencil-file-extension
gstencil-file-description OmniGraffle stencil data
gstencil-file-description Files with gstencil file extension can be usually encountered as stencils libraries for OmniGraffle diagramming app for Mac.

gstore-file-extension
gstore-file-description GMailStore data
gstore-file-description Files with gstore file suffix are associated with the GMailStore software.

gsv-file-extension
gsv-file-description GameShark saved game
gsv-file-description A gsv file extension is related to the GameShark a cheating device for video gaming consoles.

gsvr-file-extension
gsvr-file-description GhostScript file
gsvr-file-description Detailed description

gsw-file-extension
gsw-file-description GraphShow worksheet
gsw-file-description Files with gsw file extension can be found as worksheets from old GraphShow program. Probably no longer used.

gsx-file-extension
gsx-file-description Gens Sega emulator saved state
gsx-file-description A gsx file extension is related to the Gens and other Sega emulators. A gsx file stores emulator saved state.

gsym-file-extension
gsym-file-description ArchiCAD for Mac Geometric Description Language file
gsym-file-description Detailed description

gsz-file-extension
gsz-file-description GeoStudio project
gsz-file-description A gsz file extension is related to the GeoStudio, a tool for Geotechnical modeling. A .gsz file contains project created in GeoStudio.

gszip-file-extension
gszip-file-description GameSalad market asset
gszip-file-description A gszip file extension is related to the GameSalad, development tool. A gszip file stores market asset data.

gt-file-extension
gt-file-description Gold Thread embroidery format
gt-file-description Files with gt file extension might be found as older embroidery designs in Gold Thread format.

gt2-file-extension
gt2-file-description Graoumf Tracker music module (MOD)
gt2-file-description A gt2 file extension is related to the Graoumf Tracker program. A gt2 file stores music module.

gta-file-extension
gta-file-description Microsoft SharePoint Workspacen tool archive
gta-file-description Files with gta extension are mainly used as tool archives from icrosoft SharePoint Workspace Groove.

gtabin-file-extension
gtabin-file-description GPS-Track-Analyse.NET data
gtabin-file-description A gtabin file extension is related to the GPS-Track-Analyse.NET software. A gtabin file stores some kind of data.

gtable-file-extension
gtable-file-description Link to Google Fusion Tables web application table
gtable-file-description Files with gtable file extension are URL links to a Fusion table created in Google Drive when Fusion Tables app is connected. It is not the actual database, just URL link. You can download the table in a CSV format, or in case of map data in KML format.

gtar-file-extension
gtar-file-description GNU tar compressed archive
gtar-file-description Files with gtar file extension can be typically found as file archives compressed using GNU tar format.

gtarchiv-file-extension
gtarchiv-file-description GPS-Track-Analyse.Net archive
gtarchiv-file-description A gtarchiv file extension is related to the GPS-Track-Analyse.NET software. A gtarchiv file stores some kind of data.

gtb-file-extension
gtb-file-description Midas GTS NX data
gtb-file-description Files with gtb file extension are related to the Midas GTS NX data format.

gtc-file-extension
gtc-file-description Graitec Exchange Format
gtc-file-description Files with gtc file extension can be mostly encountered as CAD files saved in Graitec Exchange Format. Exported from Advance Design software for example.

gtd-file-extension
gtd-file-description GT Designer 2 project
gtd-file-description Files with gtd file extension are associated with GT Designer 2 from Mitsubishi.

gte-file-extension
gte-file-description GigaTrust protected data
gte-file-description A gte file extension is related to the GigaTrust and used for its protected files.

gtf-file-extension
gtf-file-description Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon game data
gtf-file-description A gtf file extension is related to the Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon game files.

gth-file-extension
gth-file-description Bibexcel data
gth-file-description A gth file extension is related to the Bibexcel, a program for analyzing bibliographic data. A gth file contains data.

gthr-file-extension
gthr-file-description Microsoft Exchange Server gather log
gthr-file-description A gthr file extension is associated with the gather log format used by Microsoft Exchange Server.

gti-file-extension
gti-file-description STRUDL input data
gti-file-description A gti file extension is related to the GT STRUDL, a structural engineering app. A gti file stores input data.

gtk-bookmarks-file-extension
gtk-bookmarks-file-description Ubuntu Nautilus bookmarks
gtk-bookmarks-file-description A gtk-bookmarks file extension is related to the Nautilus, a default file management software installed in Ubuntu system.

gtkrc-file-extension
gtkrc-file-description GTK+ skin
gtkrc-file-description A gtkrc file extension is related to the GTK+ (Gimp Toolkit) and used for its skin files.

gtl-file-extension
gtl-file-description Gerber top layer file
gtl-file-description Files with gtl file extension can be usually found a PCB gerber data files. Used for design and manufacturing of printed circuit boards.

gtm-file-extension
gtm-file-description GPS TrackMaker map
gtm-file-description A gtm file extension is related to the GPS TrackMaker developed by GPS TrackMaker. A gtm file contains map data.

gto-file-extension
gto-file-description Quicken Online data
gto-file-description A gto file extension is related to the Quicken, a personal finance management software. A gto file contains financial data.

gtp-file-extension
gtp-file-description Guitar Pro project
gtp-file-description Files with gtp file extension can be found as audio projects created using the Guitar Pro music composing software.

gtr-file-extension
gtr-file-description Stanford Microarray Database gene tree data
gtr-file-description A gtr file extension is related to the Stanford Microarray Database gene tree files.

gts-file-extension
gts-file-description CaptiveWorks PVR video recording format
gts-file-description A gts file extension is related to CaptiveWorks PVR video recording format.

gtt-file-extension
gtt-file-description Guntram's Tabletweaving Thingy data
gtt-file-description A gtt file extension is related to the Guntram's Tabletweaving Thingy  and used for its data files.

gtw-file-extension
gtw-file-description Gen-Trix graphic data
gtw-file-description A gtw file extension is related to the Gen-Trix graphic file format.

gtx-file-extension
gtx-file-description Genetica seamless texture format
gtx-file-description Files with gtx file extension can mainly be found as seamless textures from Genetica software.

gtz-file-extension
gtz-file-description GPS TrackMaker data
gtz-file-description The gtz file extension is related to the GPS TrackMaker software. A gtz file contains data.

gui-file-extension
gui-file-description GUI Design Studio project
gui-file-description A gui file extension is mainly used for project files saved in Caretta GUI Design Studio, which is a program used to design and create interfaces for both computer and mobile applications.

guide-file-extension
guide-file-description AmigaGuide hypertext document
guide-file-description A guide file extension is related to the AmigaGuide hypertext document format.

guides-file-extension
guides-file-description The Iconfactory xScope guides file
guides-file-description The .guides file extension is related to the xScope for Apple Mac developed by The Iconfactory.

guikit-file-extension
guikit-file-description ShapeShifter theme
guikit-file-description A guikit file extension is related to the ShapeShifter and used for its theme files.

gul-file-extension
gul-file-description JungUm Global Viewer Korean language data
gul-file-description Files with gul file extension can be found as Korean localization files for the JungUm Global Viewer program.

gun-file-extension
gun-file-description Gunpaint bitmap image
gun-file-description Files with gun file extension are associated with the Gunpaint bitmap image format.

gup-file-extension
gup-file-description Zone.org POP mail data
gup-file-description Files with gup file extension can be found as part of Zone.org Zope POP Mail.

gus-file-extension
gus-file-description Universal Score Poster script file
gus-file-description Files with gus extension are used for the Universal Score Posting application.

gux-file-extension
gux-file-description Gutsch & Exner Software update
gux-file-description Files with gux file extension might be found as program updates for Gutsch & Exner Software.

gv-file-extension
gv-file-description Graphviz DOT language data
gv-file-description A gv file extension is associated with the Graphviz DOT language data format.

gvd-file-extension
gvd-file-description Gladinet Cloud data
gvd-file-description A gvd file extension is related to the Gladinet Cloud service.

gvf-file-extension
gvf-file-description Genome variation format file
gvf-file-description Files with suffix gfv can be usually found as special files saved in the Genome Variation Format which is used for describing sequence_alteration features at nucleotide resolution.

gvg-file-extension
gvg-file-description Kompass map
gvg-file-description A gvg file extension is related to the Kompass Karten Digital Maps, a German GPS navigation software. A gvg file stores data used to visualize map.

gvi-file-extension
gvi-file-description Google video
gvi-file-description Files with gvi file extension can be usually encountered as old videos saved in now discontinued Google video format.

gvimrc-file-extension
gvimrc-file-description GVim settings file
gvimrc-file-description Files with gvimrc are related to the Vim text editor.

gvm-file-extension
gvm-file-description Phantasy Star Online data
gvm-file-description A gvm file extension is related to the Phantasy Star Online and used for its game data files.

gvn-file-extension
gvn-file-description GeoVisu navigation data file
gvn-file-description Files with gvn extension are used by GeoVisu program. They contain navigation data from many dataloggers in the GeoVisu file format.

gvp-file-extension
gvp-file-description Google Video Player Google video pointer playlist
gvp-file-description A gvp file extension is related to the Google Video Player and used for its video pointer playlists.

gvr-file-extension
gvr-file-description Phantasy Star Online game data
gvr-file-description A gvr file extension is related to the Phantasy Star Online video game. A gvr file contains game data.

gvsp-file-extension
gvsp-file-description Geocortex Silverlight project
gvsp-file-description File extension gvsp is related to the Geocortex Silverlight framework. A gvsp file stores project for Microsoft Silverlight.

gvt-file-extension
gvt-file-description GeoVisu tracklogs file
gvt-file-description Files with gvt extension are used by the GeoVisu software. They include downloaded data from GPS receivers.

gvw-file-extension
gvw-file-description GeoVisu waypoints data
gvw-file-description A gvw file extension is related to the waypoints data used by GeoVisu program for Windows.

gvy-file-extension
gvy-file-description Groovy script
gvy-file-description Files with gvy file extension are scripts in Groovy programming language.

gw-file-extension
gw-file-description SWAT groundwater input data
gw-file-description A gw file extension is related to the SWAT (Soil & Water Assessment Tool) and used for its groundwater input files.

gwb-file-extension
gwb-file-description GenStat book
gwb-file-description Files with gwb extensions can be found as books files from the GenStat statistics system.

gwc-file-extension
gwc-file-description Golfwits course map
gwc-file-description A gwc file extension is related to the Golfwits, an for true golf aficionado and used for its course map files.

gwf-file-extension
gwf-file-description Benthic Golden data
gwf-file-description A gwf file extension is related to the Golden software developed by Benthic.

gwi-file-extension
gwi-file-description GroupWise link information
gwi-file-description A gwi file extension is related to the GroupWise, a collaborative software from Novell. A gwi file contains link information.

gwk-file-extension
gwk-file-description GC-Prevue GraphiCode PCB job data
gwk-file-description A gwk file extension is related to the GC-Prevue GraphiCode PCB job files.

gwl-file-extension
gwl-file-description Nanoscribe General Writing Language file
gwl-file-description Files with gwl suffix are data files in Nanoscribe's proprietary General Writing Language.

gwm-file-extension
gwm-file-description Epson Creative Studio 30 example data
gwm-file-description Files with gwm file extension are used by the Epson Creative Studio. A gwm file contains example data.

gwp-file-extension
gwp-file-description Greetings WorkShop data
gwp-file-description A gwp file extension is related to the Greetings WorkShop. A gwp file contains graphics project.

gwqa-file-extension
gwqa-file-description Unknown file extension
gwqa-file-description Files with gwqa file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

gws-file-extension
gws-file-description GeoMedia geoworkspace
gws-file-description A gws file extension is related to the GeoMedia, a geographic information system. A gws file contains geoworkspace.

gwt-file-extension
gwt-file-description SpaceStat generalized weights format
gwt-file-description Files with gwt file extension can be found as export files in SpaceStat generalized weights format.

gwv-file-extension
gwv-file-description Groundwater Vistas packaged model
gwv-file-description A gwv file extension is related to the Groundwater Vistas program. A gwv file contains packaged model.

gwx-file-extension
gwx-file-description Genigraphics Graphics Link presentation
gwx-file-description A gwx file extension is related to the Graphics Link presentation format, probably used in some Genigraphics device.

gwz-file-extension
gwz-file-description Genigraphics graphics link presentation
gwz-file-description A gwz file extension is related to the Genigraphics graphics link presentation format.

gx1-file-extension
gx1-file-description Show Partner graphics data
gx1-file-description A gx1 file extension is related to the Show Partner and used for its graphics files.

gx2-file-extension
gx2-file-description Generic Cadd data
gx2-file-description Files with gx2 file extension were associated with the Generic Cadd data format.

gxa-file-extension
gxa-file-description General CADD attribute data file
gxa-file-description Files with gxa extension are used for the General CADD Pro application.

gxb-file-extension
gxb-file-description GP32 ROM data
gxb-file-description A gxb file extension is related to the ROM file format used by some emulators of GP32 console.

gxc-file-extension
gxc-file-description General CADD Pro component data
gxc-file-description A gxc file extension is related to the General CADD Pro software. A gxc file stores component data.

gxd-file-extension
gxd-file-description General CADD Pro drawing
gxd-file-description Files with gxd file extension can be found as CAD drawings from General CADD Pro program.

gxf-file-extension
gxf-file-description General Exchange Format video data
gxf-file-description A gxf file extension is related to the General Exchange Format used to transfer of simple and compound clips between television program storage systems.

gxh-file-extension
gxh-file-description General CADD Pro hatch pattern file
gxh-file-description Files with GXH extension can be found as hatch pattern files from General CADD Pro program.

gxk-file-extension
gxk-file-description Galaxkey File Manager encrypted data
gxk-file-description A gxk file extension is related to the Galaxkey File Manager software. A gxk file stores encrypted data.

gxkey-file-extension
gxkey-file-description GameEx registy data
gxkey-file-description A gxkey file extension is related to the GameEx emulator and used for its registry data.

gxl-file-extension
gxl-file-description Graph Exchange Language data
gxl-file-description A gxl file extension is related to the Graph eXchange Language, a standard exchange format for sharing data between tools.

gxm-file-extension
gxm-file-description General CADD Pro data
gxm-file-description A gxm file extension is related to the General CADD Pro, a drawing software for Windows. A gxm file stores data.

gxp-file-extension
gxp-file-description Jeol EX Spectrometer data
gxp-file-description A gxp file extension is related to the Jeol EX Spectrometer data format.

gxr-file-extension
gxr-file-description GeneXus report
gxr-file-description A gxr file extension is related to the GeneXus software and used for its report files.

gxs-file-extension
gxs-file-description GrafiXML graph
gxs-file-description Files with gxs file extension are related to the GrafiXML from Universite Catholique de Louvain-la-Neuve.

gxt-file-extension
gxt-file-description Grand Theft Auto 2 game data
gxt-file-description A gxt file extension is related to the Grand Theft Auto 2 shooting and action racing computer game. A .gxt file stores game data.

gxw-file-extension
gxw-file-description GRASS GIS workspace layout definition data
gxw-file-description Files with gxw file extension can be found as workspace layout definitions for GRASS GIS software.

gxx-file-extension
gxx-file-description GeneXpert archive
gxx-file-description A gxx file extension is commonly used by GeneXpert archive files.

gxy-file-extension
gxy-file-description ISIS GIS Visualiser schematic data
gxy-file-description A gxy file extension is related to the ISIS GIS Visualiser, a flood modeling program. A gxy file contains schematic data.

gyg-file-extension
gyg-file-description Gygan download instructions
gyg-file-description A gyg file extension is related to the Gygan program and used for its download instruction data.

gym-file-extension
gym-file-description Sega Genesis music logged data
gym-file-description A .gym file extension is related to the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive video gaming console and used for its music data.

gym_zip-file-extension
gym_zip-file-description XWE data
gym_zip-file-description A gym_zip file extension is related to the XWE software for Microsoft Windows.

gyp-file-extension
gyp-file-description Google Chromium GYP input configuration
gyp-file-description A gyp file extension is related to the Chromium project and used for its input configuration files.

gypi-file-extension
gypi-file-description Google Chrome include data
gypi-file-description Files with gypi file extension can be found as include files for Chromium/Chrome.

gz1-file-extension
gz1-file-description Orgadata LogiKal data
gz1-file-description A gz1 file extension is related ot the Orgadata LogiKal program. A gz1 file contains data.

gza-file-extension
gza-file-description bzip2 compressed file archive
gza-file-description Files with gza file extension can be occasionally found as renamed BZ2 archives.

gzf-file-extension
gzf-file-description Webcopier data
gzf-file-description A gzf file extension is related to the Webcopier tool for Windows. A gzf file contains some kind of data.

gzi-file-extension
gzi-file-description GZip compressed archive
gzi-file-description A gzi file extension is associated with the GZip compressed archive format.

gzl-file-extension
gzl-file-description Go!Zilla filelist
gzl-file-description A gzl file extension is related to the Go!Zilla, a download manager. A gzl file stores filelist.

gzmat-file-extension
gzmat-file-description Gaussian Z-Matrix chemical modeller input data
gzmat-file-description Files with gzmat file extension can be found as one of the chemical data formats.

gzp-file-extension
gzp-file-description Gazelle system page
gzp-file-description Files with gzp file extension can be found in relation to Gazelle text parser from Joshua Haberman.

gzquar-file-extension
gzquar-file-description BitDefender quarantined data file
gzquar-file-description Files with gzquar extension can be found as quarantined files by BitDefender Antivirus.

gzr-file-extension
gzr-file-description GunZ game data
gzr-file-description A .gzr file extension is related to the GunZ The Duel. A grz file stores game data.

h264-file-extension
h264-file-description H.264 video
h264-file-description Files with h264 file extension can be most notably found as video files encoded using MPEG-4 H.264 codec. H.264 is often used to transport video in high quality through 3G networks to mobile devices.

heic-file-extension
heic-file-description High Efficiency Image Format
heic-file-description Files with heic extension are high quality images in High Efficiency Image File Format, a picture image format, developed by Moving Picture Experts Group.

hi-file-extension
hi-file-description High score record
hi-file-description Files with hi file suffix are associated with various computer games and other software. A hi file contains high score record.

hqx-file-extension
hqx-file-description Macintosh BinHex archive
hqx-file-description Files with hqx extension are archives in Macintosh BinHex archive format. Used mainly in previous versions of Mac OS operating system.

htm-file-extension
htm-file-description HTML Hypertext Markup Language web page
htm-file-description A htm file extension is used for web documents stored in HTML Hypertext Markup Language file format. HTML language provides a means to create structured documents by denoting structural semantics for text such as headings, paragraphs, lists, links, quotes and other items. Its the main language for writing web pages. A htm web page can be displayed in any Web browser.

html-file-extension
html-file-description HyperText Markup Language web page
html-file-description Files with html file extension are web pages and documents written in the most common scripting language for internet - the Hypertext Markup Language.

h-file-extension
h-file-description C/C++ header data
h-file-description A h file extension is associated with the C/C++ programming language and used for its header files.

h%21-file-extension
h%21-file-description Perfect Database help database
h%21-file-description An h! file extension is associated with the Perfect Database program. An h! file stores help database.

h%2B%2B-file-extension
h%2B%2B-file-description Unusual C++ header
h%2B%2B-file-description A h++ file extension is related to the C++ programming language and used for its header files.

h---file-extension
h---file-description Sphinx C-- header
h---file-description A h-- file extension is related to the Sphinx C-- and used for its header files.

h-263-file-extension
h-263-file-description H.263 encoded video
h-263-file-description An h-263 file is used to store video content compressed with H.263 video codec.

h.263-file-extension
h.263-file-description H.263 encoded video data
h.263-file-description An h.263 file extension is related to H.263 video codec released in 1995. An h.263 file contains video data.

h0-file-extension
h0-file-description MAGIX Movie Edit Pro waveform information
h0-file-description An h0 file extension is associated with the Magix Movie Edit Pro, a video editing program. An h0 file stores waveform information.

h00-file-extension
h00-file-description ARM EPROM HEX file
h00-file-description Files with h00 extension are used for an EPROM for ARM chip sets.

h01-file-extension
h01-file-description ARM EPROM HEX data
h01-file-description A h01 file extension is related to the Keil program and used for its ARM EPROM HEX data files.

h02-file-extension
h02-file-description Flash ROM Hex data
h02-file-description Files with h02 file extension might be found as some sort of Flash ROM Hex files.

h04-file-extension
h04-file-description GE FIX32 historical data
h04-file-description An h04 file extension is related to the GE FIX32 historical data format.

h08-file-extension
h08-file-description GE FIX32 historical data
h08-file-description A h08 file extension is related to the FIX32 software. A h08 file stores historical data.

h10-file-extension
h10-file-description Heredis file
h10-file-description Files with h10 extension are used by Heredis management tool.

h11-file-extension
h11-file-description Heredis file
h11-file-description Files with h11 extension are used by Heredis management tool.

h12-file-extension
h12-file-description At Home 2012 tax return data
h12-file-description A h12 file extension is related to the At Home tax preparation software and used for its 2012 tax return files.

h1c-file-extension
h1c-file-description Windows Vista file related to Assistance Platform (AP) help
h1c-file-description A h1c file extension is related to the Windows Vista file related to Assistance Platform (AP) help files.

h1d-file-extension
h1d-file-description Microsoft Windows data
h1d-file-description Files with h1d file extension are system or temporary files from Microsoft Windows operating system.

h1f-file-extension
h1f-file-description Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform client help data
h1f-file-description A h1f file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform client help files.

h1h-file-extension
h1h-file-description Microsoft Windows merged hierarchy help data
h1h-file-description A h1h file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows merged hierarchy help data format.

h1k-file-extension
h1k-file-description Keyword index - Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform client help related data
h1k-file-description An h1k file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform. A h1k file contains keyword index.

h1q-file-extension
h1q-file-description Microsoft Help merged query index
h1q-file-description A h1q file extension is related to the Microsoft Help merged query index format.

h1s-file-extension
h1s-file-description Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform client help document
h1s-file-description Files with h1s extension are in most cases  related to Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform help engine. An h1s file stores help document.

h1t-file-extension
h1t-file-description Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform client help related data
h1t-file-description A h1t file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform included in Windows Vista. A h1t file contains Windows help related data.

h1v-file-extension
h1v-file-description Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform task metadata
h1v-file-description An h1v file extension is associated with the Task metadata files - Microsoft Windows Assistance Platform client help related files.

h1w-file-extension
h1w-file-description Microsoft Windows Help keyword index
h1w-file-description A h1w file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Help and used for its keyword index.

h24-file-extension
h24-file-description GE HTR data
h24-file-description A h24 file extension is related to specialized software and devices (Intelligent Platforms) developed by GE.

h260-file-extension
h260-file-description Video recording
h260-file-description Files with h260 extension can be found as video recordings from some IP cameras that uses Intel ITU H.260 video codec.

h261-file-extension
h261-file-description H.261 video format
h261-file-description An h261 file extension is related to the H.261 video format used to streaming video through ISDN lines.

h263-file-extension
h263-file-description H.263 video format
h263-file-description A h263 file extension is related to the H.263 video file format developed for telecommunications applications.

h263%2B-file-extension
h263%2B-file-description H.263+ (H.263v2) video format
h263%2B-file-description A h263+ is the informal name of the second edition of the ITU-T H.263 international video coding standard.

h265-file-extension
h265-file-description H.265 High Efficiency Video
h265-file-description Files with h265 file extension can be most notably found as videos encoded using special, HEVC - High Efficiency Video Coding codec also known as H.265.

h26l-file-extension
h26l-file-description H.264 RAW video
h26l-file-description A h26l file extension is related to the H.264 a video compression codec. A h26l file contains RAW video data.

h2drumkit-file-extension
h2drumkit-file-description Hydrogen drum kit file
h2drumkit-file-description Files with h2drumkit extension are used for Hydrogen application. They include drum kit data.

h2o-file-extension
h2o-file-description H2O compressed archive
h2o-file-description Files with h2o file extension are generally compressed game archives used in games produced by Liquid Entertainment or Codemasters, such as Rise of the Argonauts.

h2p-file-extension
h2p-file-description Zebra preset
h2p-file-description A h2p file extension is associated with the Zebra synthesizer. A h2p file stores preset.

h2song-file-extension
h2song-file-description Hydrogen drum notes
h2song-file-description Files with h2song file extension the can be found as drum notes from Hydrogen drum machine for Linux system.

h2w-file-extension
h2w-file-description H2testw data file
h2w-file-description Files with h2w file extension can also be found as data for H2testw USB flash disks testing tool.

h2_-file-extension
h2_-file-description Unknown file extension
h2_-file-description Files with h2_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

h32-file-extension
h32-file-description 32-bit include data
h32-file-description Files with h32 file extension can be found as old 32-bit include files. Probably no longer used.

h3b-file-extension
h3b-file-description POD HD300 bundle
h3b-file-description A h3b file extension is related to the POD HD300, a multi effect processor and used for its effect preset bundle files.

h3c-file-extension
h3c-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic 3 campaign file
h3c-file-description Files with h3c extension are used by the Heroes of Might and Magic 3 computer game. They contain campaign data information.

h3d-file-extension
h3d-file-description Altair HyperView 3D model
h3d-file-description Files with h3d suffix may be most often found as 3d models created using Altair HyperView.

h3e-file-extension
h3e-file-description POD HD300 preset
h3e-file-description A h3e file extension is related to the POD HD300 multi effect processor and used for its effect preset files.

h3m-file-extension
h3m-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic 3 map
h3m-file-description A h3m file extension is related to the Heroes of Might and Magic 3 video game. A h3m file contains map.

h3r-file-extension
h3r-file-description Panasonic camera security recording
h3r-file-description Files with h3r file extension can be usually found as video recordings made in some older security cameras from Panasonic.

h4b-file-extension
h4b-file-description POD HD400 bundle
h4b-file-description A h4b file extension is related to the POD HD400 and used for its bundle files.

h4e-file-extension
h4e-file-description POD HD400 preset
h4e-file-description A h4e file extension is related to the POD HD400 multi effect processor and used for its preset files.

h4m-file-extension
h4m-file-description Resident Evil Zero game file
h4m-file-description Files with h4m extension are used for computer games Resident Evil Zero and Tales of Symphonia. They contain audio and video data.

h4r-file-extension
h4r-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic 4 game data
h4r-file-description A h4r file extension is related to the Heroes of Might and Magic 4 video game. A h4r file stores game data.

h4v-file-extension
h4v-file-description H.264 / MPEG-4 AVC
h4v-file-description Files with h4v file extension are used as standard for video compression.

h5-file-extension
h5-file-description Hierarchical Data Format version 5 data
h5-file-description Files with h5 extension can be found as data files saved in version 5 of Hierarchical Data Format.

h5b-file-extension
h5b-file-description SuperHeat 5 building file
h5b-file-description Detailed description

h5bprj-file-extension
h5bprj-file-description RAD Studio HTML5 Builder project
h5bprj-file-description A h5bprj file extension is related to the RAD Studio HTML5 Builder from Embarcadero. A h5bprj file contains programming project.

h5c-file-extension
h5c-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic V campaign data
h5c-file-description A h5c file extension is related to the Heroes of Might and Magic V computer game.

h5e-file-extension
h5e-file-description POD HD500 preset
h5e-file-description An h5e file extension is related to the POD HD500 multi effect processor. A h5e file contains effect preset.

h5m-file-extension
h5m-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic V game data
h5m-file-description A h5m file extension is related to the Heroes of Might and Magic V computer game. A h5m file stores game data

h5p-file-extension
h5p-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic V game data
h5p-file-description Files with h5p extension are in most cases game data files from Heroes of Might and Magic V computer game.

h5s-file-extension
h5s-file-description POD HD500 set data
h5s-file-description A h5s file extension is related to the POD HD500 multi effect processor for electronic guitars. A h5s file stores set of presets.

h5u-file-extension
h5u-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic V mod archive
h5u-file-description A h5u file extension is related to the Heroes of Might and Magic V computer game. A h5u file contains mod.

h64-file-extension
h64-file-description Audioless H.264 video data
h64-file-description A h64 file extension is associated with the Audioless H.264 video file format.

h6h-file-extension
h6h-file-description HLC script
h6h-file-description A h6h file extension is related to the HLC script format.

h6r-file-extension
h6r-file-description Heroes of Might and Magic VI game data
h6r-file-description Files with h6r file extension are related to the Heroes of Might and Magic VI strategic computer game.

h77t-file-extension
h77t-file-description GEODAS MGD77T header data
h77t-file-description A h77t file extension is related to the Marine Geophysical Data Exchange Format.

h86-file-extension
h86-file-description CP/M data
h86-file-description A h86 file extension is related to the CP/M (Control Program for Microcomputers) operating system for various platforms.

ha-file-extension
ha-file-description HA compressed archive
ha-file-description Files with ha file extension may be usually found as archives compressed using somewhat older HA file compression tool.

ha3-file-extension
ha3-file-description El-Polocker affected file
ha3-file-description Files with ha3 file extension can be also found as encrypted and renamed files affected by the El-Polocker ransomware.

had-file-extension
had-file-description D-Link fimrware update
had-file-description A had file extension is related to the firmware update files used by D-Link network routers.

haf-file-extension
haf-file-description HEAT archive
haf-file-description Files with haf file extension can be found as HEAT archives from FrontRange.

hairy-file-extension
hairy-file-description Cygnus shared data
hairy-file-description A hairy file extension is related to the Cygnus and used for its shared data.

hak-file-extension
hak-file-description BioWare Aurora engine data
hak-file-description Files with hak file extension are resource archives used in games based on Bioware's Aurora engine.

hal-file-extension
hal-file-description HyperAccess Lite for OS/2 data
hal-file-description Files with hal file extension can be also found as old HyperAccess data file for OS/2. Obsolete product.

hald-file-extension
hald-file-description Identity Hald CLUT image
hald-file-description A hald file extension is related to the Identity Hald CLUT image file format.

halog-file-extension
halog-file-description IEInspector HTTP Analyzer log
halog-file-description A halog file extension is related to the HTTP Analyzer developed by IEInspector. A halog file contains log.

ham-file-extension
ham-file-description Novell NetWare disk drivers NPA
ham-file-description A ham file extension is related to the Novell NetWare and used for its disk drivers NPA.

ham6-file-extension
ham6-file-description Amiga Hold-And-Modify 6 picture image
ham6-file-description A ham6 file extension is associated with the Amiga Hold-And-Modify 6 file format to storing bitmap images.

ham8-file-extension
ham8-file-description Amiga Hold-And-Modify 8 picture image.
ham8-file-description A ham8 file extension is related to the Amiga Hold-And-Modify 8 picture image file format.

hamachi-file-extension
hamachi-file-description Hamachi client data
hamachi-file-description A hamachi file extension is related to the Hamachi VPN client. A hamachi file contains client data.

haml-file-extension
haml-file-description HTML abstraction markup language
haml-file-description Files with haml file extension can be found as source files in HTML abstraction markup language.

han-file-extension
han-file-description Viewpoint Headline Studio data
han-file-description Files with han file extension can be found in Viewpoint applications.

handlebars-file-extension
handlebars-file-description Handlebars template
handlebars-file-description A handlebars file extension is related to the Handlebars and used for its template files.

hang-file-extension
hang-file-description Apple Mac Terminal hang log
hang-file-description A hang file extension is related to the Terminal, a command-line interface in macOS (OS X). A .hang file contains hang log.

hap-file-extension
hap-file-description HAP compressed file archive
hap-file-description A hap file extension is related to the HAP compressed file archive files.

happyfish-file-extension
happyfish-file-description HappyFish data
happyfish-file-description A happyfish file extension is related to the HappyFish data files.

har-file-extension
har-file-description e-Sword harmony resource data
har-file-description Files with har extension can be typically found as resource packages for e-Sword bible study software.

harddisk-file-extension
harddisk-file-description Boxer for Mac harddisk image
harddisk-file-description A .harddisk file extension is related to the Boxer for Mac, an MS-DOS system emulator and used for its virtual hard drive files.

harx-file-extension
harx-file-description e-sword harmony file
harx-file-description Files with harx extension are used by the e-Sword program. They were used as various data files.

has-file-extension
has-file-description Haskell script
has-file-description Files with has file extension are scripts written in the Haskell program language.

hash-file-extension
hash-file-description EnCase Forensic drive image hash
hash-file-description A hash file extension is related to the EnCase Forensic, an investigation software. A hash file stores drive image hash.

hashes-file-extension
hashes-file-description Unknown file extension
hashes-file-description Files with hashes file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

hat-file-extension
hat-file-description Formula 1 2001 car race log hat
hat-file-description A hat file extension is related to the Formula 1 2001 car race log hat format.

hathdl-file-extension
hathdl-file-description Hentai@Home download data
hathdl-file-description Files with hathdl file extension can be found as download files for Hentai@Home program.

hav-file-extension
hav-file-description Video Recorder video data
hav-file-description A hav file extension is related to the Handan Video Stream format. A hav file contains video data.

hax-file-extension
hax-file-description Temporary wave data
hax-file-description A hax file extension is related to the temporary wave file format.

hay-file-extension
hay-file-description Haydee web server module
hay-file-description Files with hay file extension might be found as old Haydee web server modules from MixlleniumEngine.

haz-file-extension
haz-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator texture
haz-file-description A haz file extension is related to the Microsoft Flight Simulator video game. A haz file stores texture.

hb-file-extension
hb-file-description HotBasic data
hb-file-description A hb file extension is related to the HotBasic, a compiler and IDE for Windows and Linux.

hbc-file-extension
hbc-file-description HyperBac compressed archive
hbc-file-description Files with hbc file extension can mainly be found as compressed archives created using HyperBac software.

hbc2-file-extension
hbc2-file-description HyperBac compressed archive
hbc2-file-description Files with hbc2 extension are associated with HyperBac program. They are archive compressed files.

hbe-file-extension
hbe-file-description HyperBac compressed/encrypted archive
hbe-file-description Files with hbe file extension can be found as compressed/encrypted archives made in HyperBac program.

hbf-file-extension
hbf-file-description Hanzi bitmap font
hbf-file-description A hbf file extension is related to the Hanzi bitmap font file format used for Chinese and other languages.

hbi-file-extension
hbi-file-description Handy Backup backup
hbi-file-description A hbi file extension is associated with the Handy Backup and used for its backup files.

hbin-file-extension
hbin-file-description SFIT HITRAN output data
hbin-file-description A hbin file extension is related to the SFIT and used for its HITRAN output files.

hbk-file-extension
hbk-file-description Mathcad handbook
hbk-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe HBK file extension!

hbl-file-extension
hbl-file-description Braille Sense document
hbl-file-description A hbl file extension is related to the Braille Sense and used for its document files.

hbm-file-extension
hbm-file-description Hibernate script
hbm-file-description Files with hbm file extension might be found as as source or script files from Hibernate software.

hbn-file-extension
hbn-file-description Java hibernate data
hbn-file-description A hbn file extension is related to the Java programming language. A hbn file contains hibernate data.

hbox-file-extension
hbox-file-description Surveillance camera recorded video data
hbox-file-description Files with hbox file extension are related to the recorded video data from surveillance cameras.

hbp-file-extension
hbp-file-description HBPredicT Hydrogen Bond Prediction Tool data file
hbp-file-description Files with hbp extension are used for the HBPredicT application. They contain many data for internal use of the application.

hbr-file-extension
hbr-file-description HaxBall replay
hbr-file-description Files with hbr file extension can are in most cases saved replays from HaxBall multiplayer game.

hbs-file-extension
hbs-file-description JavaScript Handlebars.js template
hbs-file-description An hbs file extension is related with the Handlebars.js JavaScript library.

hbx-file-extension
hbx-file-description StarMoney macro file
hbx-file-description Files with hbx extension are used by the StarMoney program. They store macros for the program.

hby-file-extension
hby-file-description Hornby Virtual Railway data
hby-file-description An hby file extension is related to the Hornby Virtual Railway data file format.

hbz-file-extension
hbz-file-description StarMoney macro
hbz-file-description An hbz file extension is related to the StarMoney, a finance management software. An hbz file contains macro.

hc-file-extension
hc-file-description VeraCrypt disk volume file
hc-file-description Files with hc extension are related to the VeraCrpyt encryption app. An hc file stores encrypted disk volume.

hca-file-extension
hca-file-description Hammer Call Analyzer network traffic data
hca-file-description Files with hca file extension are related to the Hammer Call Analyzer network traffic data format.

hcb-file-extension
hcb-file-description HyperOS compressed backup
hcb-file-description A hcb file extension is related to the HyperOS compressed backup format.

hcc-file-extension
hcc-file-description HydroCAD storage chamber definition
hcc-file-description An hcc file extension is related to the HydroCAD, a CAD software for Windows. An hcc file stores storage chamber definition.

hcd-file-extension
hcd-file-description Huawei system data
hcd-file-description Files with hcd file extension might be found as system or patch files on some of the Huawei devices.

hce-file-extension
hce-file-description HydroCAD hydrograph data
hce-file-description An hce file extension is related to the HydroCAD program. An hce file stores hydrograph data.

hcf-file-extension
hcf-file-description 123 Heading Creator project
hcf-file-description Files with hcf file extension might be found as projects from 123 Heading Creator program. Seems obsolete.

hcfg-file-extension
hcfg-file-description HoDokK configuration
hcfg-file-description Files with hcfg file extension can be found as HoDoKu configuration files.

hcg-file-extension
hcg-file-description HClab chart
hcg-file-description Files with hcg extension are used for HCSoft HCLab. A hcg file contains chart.

hci-file-extension
hci-file-description HydroCAD IDF data
hci-file-description A hci file extension is related to the HydroCAD and used for its IDF data files.

hcj-file-extension
hcj-file-description hashcat data
hcj-file-description A hcj file extension is related to the hashcat software for Windows and Linux systems.

hck-file-extension
hck-file-description Mars Global Surveyor hinge CK data
hck-file-description An hck file extension is related to the Mars Global Surveyor hinge CK file format used to store data collected during MGS mission.

hckx-file-extension
hckx-file-description Windows Hardware Certification Kit package
hckx-file-description An hckx file extension is related to the Windows Hardware Certification Kit and used for its package files.

hcl-file-extension
hcl-file-description HotDocs library file
hcl-file-description Files with hcl extension are used by the HotDocs program. They include some kind of library data.

hcm-file-extension
hcm-file-description IBM HCM ork file
hcm-file-description Files with hcm extension are used by IBM HCM software. They include log files data.

hco-file-extension
hco-file-description Macintosh sound resource fork
hco-file-description A hco file extension is related to the Macintosh sound resource fork format.

hcode-file-extension
hcode-file-description HASP code
hcode-file-description A hcode file extension is related to the HaspX software. A hcode file stores HASP code.

hcom-file-extension
hcom-file-description Sound tools HCOM audio file
hcom-file-description An hcom file extension is associated with the very old mono sound format with Huffman compression used on Macintosh platform.

hcp-file-extension
hcp-file-description HydroCAD project
hcp-file-description Files with hcp suffix are projects from HydroCAD stormwater modeling tool. ASCII based format.

hcr-file-extension
hcr-file-description IBM HCD/HCM production configuration
hcr-file-description A hcr file extension is related to the HCD and HCM configuration managers for z/OS and used for their production configuration files.

hcs-file-extension
hcs-file-description NHP eSubmission Builder submission package
hcs-file-description An hcs file suffix is related to the NHP eSubmission Builder submission package format.

hct-file-extension
hct-file-description Symantec LiveUpdate data
hct-file-description A hct file suffix is related to the LiveUpdate software. A hct file contains data.

hcu-file-extension
hcu-file-description Logitech Harmony update
hcu-file-description A hcu file extension is associated with the Logitech Harmony, a universal remote controller. A hcu file stores update.

hcw-file-extension
hcw-file-description HTML Help Workshop Conversion Wizard macro
hcw-file-description Files with hcw file extension are related to the HTML Help Workshop Conversion Wizard macro format.

hcx-file-extension
hcx-file-description Harvard ChartXL chart data
hcx-file-description A hcx file extension is related to the Harvard ChartXL software. A hcx file contains chart data.

hd-file-extension
hd-file-description VistaCodecs data
hd-file-description Files with hd extension are related to the VistaCodecs, a pack of audio and video codecs.

hd2-file-extension
hd2-file-description Poser hand pose data
hd2-file-description A hd2 file extension is related to the Poser a 3D figure, design and animation software. A hd2 file stores hand pose.

hda-file-extension
hda-file-description HotDocs document template
hda-file-description Files with hda suffix are in most cases templates for making new documents in the HotDocs program. It is used to quickly create various contracts, forms, legal documents etc. based on predefined settings.

hdat-file-extension
hdat-file-description vStaticIP data
hdat-file-description Files with hdat file extension can be found as part of old vStaticIP program. Data file.

hdb-file-extension
hdb-file-description HansaWorld Enterprise database
hdb-file-description A hdb file extension is related to the HansaWorld Enterprise and used for its database files.

hdc-file-extension
hdc-file-description HD Tach benchmark results
hdc-file-description An hdc file extension is related to the HD Tach and used fro its benchmark results.

hdd-file-extension
hdd-file-description Parallels Desktop or Workstation virtual hard disk
hdd-file-description Files with hdd file extension can be mostly found as virtual hard drives from Parallels Workstation and Parallels Desktop for Mac.

hde-file-extension
hde-file-description NAUPA File Encryptor encrypted data
hde-file-description Files with hde extension are in most cases files that have been encrypted using the NAUPA File Encryptor.

hdev-file-extension
hdev-file-description HDevelop data
hdev-file-description A hdev file extension is associated with the HDevelop and used for its data files.

hdf-file-extension
hdf-file-description Hierarchical Data Format
hdf-file-description Files with hdf file extension are objects files in the Hierarchical Data Format.

hdf4-file-extension
hdf4-file-description HDF4 data
hdf4-file-description A hdf4 file extension is related to the HDF4 File Format used for storing and managing data between machines.

hdf5-file-extension
hdf5-file-description Hierarchical Data Format
hdf5-file-description Files with hdf5 file extension can be found as data files in Hierarchical Data Format.

hdg-file-extension
hdg-file-description HDGraph data
hdg-file-description A hdg file extension is related to the HDGraph and used for its data files.

hdi-file-extension
hdi-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD heidi device interface
hdi-file-description A hdi file extension is related to the Autodesk AutoCAD and used for its heidi device interface.

hdk-file-extension
hdk-file-description MAXI Disk disk image
hdk-file-description Files with hdk file extension can be found as disk image backups created in MAXI Disk utility.

hdl-file-extension
hdl-file-description Procomm Plus alternate download file listing file
hdl-file-description Files with hdl extension are used by the Procomm Plus program. They contain alternate download file listing data.

hdm-file-extension
hdm-file-description HDML Handheld Device Markup Language source code
hdm-file-description Files with hdm file extension are source files in Handheld Device Markup Language (HDML)

hdml-file-extension
hdml-file-description Handheld Device Markup Language
hdml-file-description A hdml file extension is related to the Handheld Device Markup Language and used for its document files.

hdmov-file-extension
hdmov-file-description Apple QuickTime HD Movie
hdmov-file-description A hdmov file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime HD Movie file format.

hdmp-file-extension
hdmp-file-description Microsoft Windows heap dump data
hdmp-file-description Files with hdmp file extension are uncompressed dump files created in Windows XP/Vista whenever some critical error happens.

hdp-file-extension
hdp-file-description Magix Musstu file
hdp-file-description Files with hdp extension are possibly used with older versions of Magix Music Studio.

hdr-file-extension
hdr-file-description Radiance map
hdr-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe HDR file extension!

hdri-file-extension
hdri-file-description HDRI image
hdri-file-description A hdri file extension is related to the High-dynamic-range imaging format.

hdrp-file-extension
hdrp-file-description HDRtist graphic file
hdrp-file-description Detailed description

hdru-file-extension
hdru-file-description Apollo HDRU image format
hdru-file-description An hdru file extension is related to the Apollo HDRU image format. An hdru file stores picture image.

hds-file-extension
hds-file-description Windows Digital Right Management data
hds-file-description Files with hds extension are commonly found as DRM protected data files created using the Windows Digital Rights Management platform.

hdt-file-extension
hdt-file-description Adobe Photoshop HDR toning preset
hdt-file-description Files with hdt extension are associated with the Adobe Photoshop program. A hdt file contains stores HDR settings.

hdt2-file-extension
hdt2-file-description Hard Disk Toolkit for Apple Macintosh file
hdt2-file-description Detailed description

hdv-file-extension
hdv-file-description Formula 1 One 2001 season 01 vehicles arrows
hdv-file-description A hdv file extension is related to the Formula 1 One 2001 video game. A hdv file contains season 01 vehicles arrows.

hdvp-file-extension
hdvp-file-description HDevelop external procedure
hdvp-file-description An hdvp file extension is associated with the HDevelop and used for its external procedure files.

hdw-file-extension
hdw-file-description Harvard Draw for Windows data
hdw-file-description A hdw file extension is related to the Harvard Draw for Windows and used for its drawing files.

hdx-file-extension
hdx-file-description AutoCAD Delphi help index
hdx-file-description An hdx file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a CAD/CAM tool for Microsoft Windows and Apple Mac OS X systems. An hdx file stores help index.

hdz-file-extension
hdz-file-description Poser compressed hand pose data
hdz-file-description Files with hdz file extension can be found as graphical files from Poser 3D graphics format.

he0-file-extension
he0-file-description Humungous Entertainment archive
he0-file-description Files with he0 file extension can be found as game archives from Humungous Entertainment titles.

he1-file-extension
he1-file-description Humongous Entertainment game archive
he1-file-description A he1 file extension is related to computer games developed by Humongous Entertainment. A he1 file contains game archive.

he2-file-extension
he2-file-description Humungous Entertainment archive
he2-file-description A he2 file extension is related to Putt-Putt computer game developed by Humungous Entertainment. A he2 file stores installation archive.

he3-file-extension
he3-file-description Humungous Entertainment archive
he3-file-description A he3 file extension is related to video games developed by Humungous Entertainment. A he3 file contains game archive.

he4-file-extension
he4-file-description HDF4 data
he4-file-description A he4 file extension is related to the HDF4 File Format used for storing and managing data between machines.

he5-file-extension
he5-file-description Hierarchical Data Format release 5 file
he5-file-description Files with he5 extension can be found as data saved in the Hierarchical Data Format release 5 file. Scientific format.

hea-file-extension
hea-file-description FIFA 2001 game data
hea-file-description A hea file extension is related to the FIFA 2001 and used for its game data files.

heapsnapshot-file-extension
heapsnapshot-file-description Heap Snapshot data
heapsnapshot-file-description Files with heapsnapshot extension can be found as Heap Snapshots produced by Google DevTools for memory leaks fixing purposes.

heartssave-ms-file-extension
heartssave-ms-file-description Windows Vista Hearts saved game
heartssave-ms-file-description A heartssave-ms file extension is related to the Windows Vista Hearts game. A heartssave-ms file contains saved game.

heb-file-extension
heb-file-description DEcomp 3D scene data
heb-file-description A heb file extension is related to the DEcomp, a visual toolkit. A heb file contains 3D scene data.

hec-file-extension
hec-file-description Grafic Pvquan Quant data
hec-file-description Files with hec file extension can be found as old files in Grafic Pvquan Quant format.

hed-file-extension
hed-file-description ReliaSoft RG data
hed-file-description A hed file extension is related to the Reliability Growth Analysis and Repairable System Analysis Software Tool. A hed file stores some kind of data.

hef-file-extension
hef-file-description HEAT export
hef-file-description A .hef file extension is related to the HEAT (Helpdesk Expert Automation Tool).

hei-file-extension
hei-file-description Heitml source code
hei-file-description The hei file extension is related to the Heitml source code files.

heif-file-extension
heif-file-description High Efficiency Image File Format
heif-file-description A heif file extension is related to the High Efficiency Image File Format, a picture image format, developed by Moving Picture Experts Group.

hejs-file-extension
hejs-file-description HippoEDIT bundle
hejs-file-description An hejs file extension is related to the HippoEDIT, a source code editor. An hejs file contains bundle.

help-file-extension
help-file-description Unix help document
help-file-description A help file extension is related to Unix and Unix-based operating systems (OS X, macOS, FreeBSD, Linux etc.). A help file stores help document bundle with help documents.

helpcfg-file-extension
helpcfg-file-description Adobe AIR help configuration
helpcfg-file-description Files with helpcfg file extension are related to the Adobe AIR help configuration format.

helpindex-file-extension
helpindex-file-description Mariner Software Narrator index
helpindex-file-description A helpindex file extension is related to the Narrator from Mariner Software. A helpindex file contains data index.

helpmeencedfiles-file-extension
helpmeencedfiles-file-description Samas/SamSam ransomware affected file
helpmeencedfiles-file-description Files with helpmeencedfiles suffix are encrypted files that had their suffix renamed by the one of the variant of Samas/SamSam ransomware.

hem-file-extension
hem-file-description Hold'em Manager player poker statistic data
hem-file-description Files with hem file extension are used to analyze your poker statistics in Hold'em Manager.

hemcr-file-extension
hemcr-file-description HippoEDIT macro
hemcr-file-description A hemcr file extension is associated with the HippoEDIT, a source code editor. A hemcr file stores macro.

hep-file-extension
hep-file-description Novell NetWare help librarian data
hep-file-description A hep file extension is related to the Novell NetWare system. A hep file contains help librarian data.

heprj-file-extension
heprj-file-description HippoEDIT project
heprj-file-description An heprj file extension is related to the HippoEDIT software for Microsoft Windows. An heprj file contains project.

herbst-file-extension
herbst-file-description Herbst ransomware affacted data
herbst-file-description Files with herbst file extension may be typically found as files encrypted by the herbsts ransomware that mainly targets German users.

heroesofhellas2olympiasavedgame-file-extension
heroesofhellas2olympiasavedgame-file-description Heroes of Hellas 2: Olympia
heroesofhellas2olympiasavedgame-file-description A heroesofhellas2olympiasavedgame file extension is related to the Heroes of Hellas 2: Olympia computer game.

hes-file-extension
hes-file-description TurboGrafx-16 audio
hes-file-description A hes file extension is related to the TurboGrafx-16 gaming console and used for its audio data.

het-file-extension
het-file-description WinSQL HTML export template
het-file-description A het file extension is related to the WinSQL and used for its HTML export templates.

heu-file-extension
heu-file-description Adobe Flash Player cache metadata
heu-file-description A heu file extension is related to the Adobe Flash Player a tool used to view multimedia web apps, or audio and video content. A heu file contains cache metadata.

hevbs-file-extension
hevbs-file-description HippoEDIT VB script
hevbs-file-description A hevbs file extension is related to the HippoEDIT, a source code editor. A hevbs file contains VB script.

hevc-file-extension
hevc-file-description HEVC video data
hevc-file-description Files with hevc extension are vides encoded using HEVC (High Efficiency Video Coding) video codec.

hewsp-file-extension
hewsp-file-description HippoEDIT workspace
hewsp-file-description Files with hewsp file extension are related to the HippoEDIT software for Microsoft Windows. A hewsp file stores workspace.

hex-file-extension
hex-file-description Hex dump file format
hex-file-description Files with hex extension are most notably related to the hex dump file format, a hexadecimal view (on screen or a printout) of computer memory.

hexbook-file-extension
hexbook-file-description HHD Software Hex Editor bookmarks
hexbook-file-description A hexbook file extension is related to the Free Hex Editor Neo software.

hexdwc-file-extension
hexdwc-file-description HHD Software Hex Editor configuration
hexdwc-file-description A hexdwc file extension is related to the Free Hex Editor Neo tool. A hexdwc file contains configuration.

hexhis-file-extension
hexhis-file-description Hex Editor Neo history data
hexhis-file-description A hexhis file extension is related to the Hex Editor Neo application and used for its history files.

hexlic-file-extension
hexlic-file-description Hex Editor Neo data
hexlic-file-description A hexlic file extension is associated with the Hex Editor Neo software for Windows.

hexpatch-file-extension
hexpatch-file-description Free Hex Editor Neo patch
hexpatch-file-description A hexpatch file extension is related to the Free Hex Editor Neo, a hex editing tool for Microsoft Windows operating system.

hexsel-file-extension
hexsel-file-description Hex Editor Neo data
hexsel-file-description A hexsel file extension is associated with the Free Hex Editor Neo from HHD Software Ltd.

hexset-file-extension
hexset-file-description Free Hex Editor Neo data
hexset-file-description Files with hexset file extension are related to the Free Hex Editor Neo software for Windows.

hf-file-extension
hf-file-description HF image format
hf-file-description Files with hf file extension might be found as old images in HF format.

hfa-file-extension
hfa-file-description Erdas Imagine hierarchical data
hfa-file-description An hfa file extension is related to the Erdas Imagine hierarchical file format.

hfb-file-extension
hfb-file-description Hell Fighter battle data
hfb-file-description A hfb file extension is related to the Hell Fighter video game. A hfb file stores battle data.

hfc-file-extension
hfc-file-description H-JTAG configuration file
hfc-file-description Files with hfc extension are used by H-JTAG toolkit. They contain some configuration data of this app.

hfd-file-extension
hfd-file-description HotDocs form document
hfd-file-description A hfd file extension is related to the HotDocs software and used for its form document files.

hff-file-extension
hff-file-description L3DT heightfield data
hff-file-description Files with hff file extension are used by L3DT application for Microsoft Windows operating system.

hfg-file-extension
hfg-file-description HeroForge Anew character data
hfg-file-description An hfg file extension is related to the HeroForge Anew a character builder for Dungeons & Dragons. An hfg file stores character data.

hfi-file-extension
hfi-file-description HP font
hfi-file-description Files with hfi file extension might be found as older font files for  Hewlett-Packard printers.

hfmx-file-extension
hfmx-file-description HFM.NET configuration
hfmx-file-description An hfmx file extension is related to the HFM.NET a Folding@Home client monitoring software. An hfmx file contains configuration.

hfo-file-extension
hfo-file-description Pinnacle Hollywood FX object
hfo-file-description An hfo file extension is related to the Pinnacle Hollywood FX. This software includes a lot of dynamic video transition sets.

hfp-file-extension
hfp-file-description XnView filter settings
hfp-file-description Files with hfp extension can be found as part of XnView program and used for its filter files.

hfs-file-extension
hfs-file-description MacImage Macintosh HFS disk image
hfs-file-description Files with hfs extension can be typically found as disk images made in MacImage utility which is used to produce hybrid Macintosh/PC compatible optical media.

hfss-file-extension
hfss-file-description Ansoft HFSS project
hfss-file-description Files with hfss file extension may be usually found projects from Ansoft HFSS 3D Electromagnetic Field Solver.

hft-file-extension
hft-file-description HaftiX cross-stitch pattern
hft-file-description An hft file extension is associated with the HaftiX program. An hft file contains cross-stitch pattern.

hfv-file-extension
hfv-file-description Virtual Mac hard drive file
hfv-file-description Files with hfv extension are known by the virtual Mac hard drive file format. They store virutal hard drive images.

hfw-file-extension
hfw-file-description Logitech Harmony firmware upgrade
hfw-file-description A hfw file extension is associated with the Harmony remote controller. A hfw file stores firmware upgrade.

hfx-file-extension
hfx-file-description HotFax data
hfx-file-description A hfx file extension is related to the HotFax and used for its data files.  The HotFax is obsolete product.

hg-file-extension
hg-file-description HP Graphics Language image
hg-file-description A hg file extension is related to the HP Graphics Language (HPGL) developed by Hewlett-Packard.

hg1-file-extension
hg1-file-description Hellgate: London saved game
hg1-file-description An hg1 file extension is related to the Hellgate: London computer game and used for its saved games.

hgb-file-extension
hgb-file-description Amstrad CPC bitmap format
hgb-file-description A hgb file extension is related to the Amstrad CPC bitmap format.

hgc-file-extension
hgc-file-description PC Fold data
hgc-file-description A hgc file extension is related to the PC Fold software for MS-DOS. A hgc file stores data.

hgc1-file-extension
hgc1-file-description XWE data
hgc1-file-description An hgc1 file extension is related to the XWE software for Windows.

hgd-file-extension
hgd-file-description IP camera video
hgd-file-description A hgd file extension is related to the IP camera video file format.

hgdata-file-extension
hgdata-file-description Altair HyperGraph data
hgdata-file-description Files with hgdata file suffix are associated with the Altair HyperGraph data format.

hgf-file-extension
hgf-file-description HomeGauge form
hgf-file-description Files with hqf file extension are used by on-line services created by HomeGauge. They are used as a linking files.

hgh-file-extension
hgh-file-description Star Wars: Tie Fighter high score data
hgh-file-description A hgh file extension is related to the video game called Star Wars: Tie Fighter. A hgh file contains high scores.

hgl-file-extension
hgl-file-description Hewlett-Packard Graphics Language picture image
hgl-file-description A hgl file extension is associated with the Hewlett-Packard Graphics Language picture image format.

hgm-file-extension
hgm-file-description Sublime Text data
hgm-file-description A hgm file extension is related to the Sublime Text software for Windows, macOS and Linux.

hgp-file-extension
hgp-file-description HighGrow plant data
hgp-file-description Files with hgp file extension might be found as plant data files for HighGrow Cannabis growing simulation.

hgr-file-extension
hgr-file-description Apple II bitmap image
hgr-file-description A hgr file extension is commonly used by Apple II bitmap image format.

hgs-file-extension
hgs-file-description Harvard Graphics graphic data
hgs-file-description A hgs file extension is related to the Harvard Graphics and used for its graphic data.

hgt-file-extension
hgt-file-description SRTM Shuttle Radar Topography Mission data
hgt-file-description An hgt file extension is related to the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission Data SRTM file format.

hgz-file-extension
hgz-file-description ArcMap GIS data
hgz-file-description Files with hgz file extension might be found as one of the GIS files from ArcMap software.

hh-file-extension
hh-file-description HammerHead drumloop
hh-file-description Files with hh file extension might be drumloop audio files from HammerHead program.

hh7-file-extension
hh7-file-description pcAnywhere log
hh7-file-description An hh7 file extension is related to the pcAnywhere software from Symantec.

hha-file-extension
hha-file-description HyperHub archive file
hha-file-description Files with hha extension are used by the HyperHub program. They include some data archive.

hhb-file-extension
hhb-file-description LIGPLOT data
hhb-file-description Files with hhb file extension are related to the LIGPLOT data format.

hhc-file-extension
hhc-file-description HTML Help table of contents
hhc-file-description Files with hhc file extension are related to Help service in Microsoft Windows. Help Table of contents in HTML format.

hhd-file-extension
hhd-file-description STSDAS data
hhd-file-description An hdd file extension is related to the STSDAS software and used for its data files.

hhh-file-extension
hhh-file-description Power C precompiled header data
hhh-file-description An hhh file extension is related to the Power C compiling tool. An hhh file stores precompiled header data.

hhi-file-extension
hhi-file-description The Sims 4 game data
hhi-file-description A hhi file extension is associated with The Sims 4, video game for Windows and Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating systems.

hhk-file-extension
hhk-file-description Microsoft HTML help index
hhk-file-description A hhk file extension is associated with the Microsoft Help and used for its HTML help index files.

hhl-file-extension
hhl-file-description Visual Basic data
hhl-file-description A hhl file extension is related to the Visual Basic from Microsoft. A hhl file contains data.

hhm-file-extension
hhm-file-description HHsearch database
hhm-file-description A hhm file extension is related to the HHsearch database file format.

hhp-file-extension
hhp-file-description Procomm Plus help information for remote users
hhp-file-description A hhp file extension is related to the Procomm Plus and used for its help information for remote users.

hhpack-file-extension
hhpack-file-description HTC Home extension file
hhpack-file-description Files with hhpack suffix are special widget installation packages for HTC Home utility.

hhr-file-extension
hhr-file-description HHsearch results
hhr-file-description Files with hhr file extension are commonly used by HHsearch software for its results files.

hhs-file-extension
hhs-file-description Microsoft HTML Help Workshop sample data
hhs-file-description A hhs file extension is related to the Microsoft HTML Help Workshop (HHW) and used for its sample data.

hht-file-extension
hht-file-description Microsoft Help and Support Center HHT data
hht-file-description An hht file extension is related to the Microsoft Help and Support Center HHT file format.

hhtml-file-extension
hhtml-file-description Realmedia adstream html document
hhtml-file-description A hhtml file extension is related to the Realmedia adstream html document format.

hia-file-extension
hia-file-description Spy-CD CD search database
hia-file-description Files with hia file extension are related to the Spy-CD CD search databases.

hib-file-extension
hib-file-description Spy-CD CD search database
hib-file-description Files with hib file suffix are related to the Spy-CD CD search databases.

hic-file-extension
hic-file-description HicEst script
hic-file-description A hic file extension is related to the HicEst, an integrated development environment. A hic file contains script.

hid-file-extension
hid-file-description Sony Ericsson configuration archive
hid-file-description Files with hid file extension can be found as configuration files in Sony Ericsson devices. These files are basically tar archives that contain configuration and other related data.

hid2-file-extension
hid2-file-description KeepSafe encrypted photo
hid2-file-description Files with hid2 file extension can be usually found as digital photos encrypted with the KeepSafe protection app for iPhone and Android.

hif-file-extension
hif-file-description Quicken Online data
hif-file-description Files with hif file extension can also be found as old data files used by Quicken personal finance manager.

hig-file-extension
hig-file-description High score list
hig-file-description A hig file extension is related to the high score list files.

hike-file-extension
hike-file-description Unknown file extension
hike-file-description Files with hike file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

hil-file-extension
hil-file-description Deluxe Ski Jump 3 hill data
hil-file-description A hil file extension is related to the Deluxe Ski Jump 3, a computer game. A hil file stores hill data.

him-file-extension
him-file-description ROSE Online highmaps
him-file-description A him file extension is related to the ROSE Online and used for its highmaps data.

hin-file-extension
hin-file-description HyperChem HIN chemical modeller output data
hin-file-description A hin file extension is related to the HyperChem HIN chemical modeler output file format.

hip-file-extension
hip-file-description Spy-CD CD search database
hip-file-description A hip file extension is related to the Spy-CD CD search database files.

hipnc-file-extension
hipnc-file-description Houdini apprentice file
hipnc-file-description Files with hipnc extension are used for Houdini 3D software. They include graphics data.

hips-file-extension
hips-file-description Bitmap picture image
hips-file-description A hips file extension is related to the HIPS bitmap image format.

hir-file-extension
hir-file-description Hires C64 image format
hir-file-description A hir file extension is related to the hires C64 image format from Commodore C64 computer.

hiro-file-extension
hiro-file-description ARToolKit Hiro Marker data
hiro-file-description A hiro file extension is related to the ARToolKit Hiro Marker data file format.

his-file-extension
his-file-description Insight II dynamics trajectory history
his-file-description A his file extension is related to the Insight II dynamics trajectory history file format.

hisawsave-file-extension
hisawsave-file-description Nancy Drew saved game
hisawsave-file-description A hisawsave file extension is related to the Nancy Drew video games and used for saved game files.

hisf-file-extension
hisf-file-description DL_POLY history file
hisf-file-description The .hisf file extension is related to the DL_POLY a molecular dynamics (MD) simulation program.

hist-file-extension
hist-file-description MicroStrategy history data
hist-file-description Files with hist file extension are related to the MicroStrategy, a program for data analysis. A hist file contains history data.

history-file-extension
history-file-description Eclipse IDE local history data
history-file-description Files with .history file extension are related to the Eclipse, an integrated development tool. A .history file contains local history data.

hisu-file-extension
hisu-file-description DL_POLY history data
hisu-file-description A hisu file extension is related to the DL_POLY, a molecular dynamics (MD) simulation program.

hit-file-extension
hit-file-description HitPlayer audio
hit-file-description A hit file extension is related to the HitPlayer audio format developed by Diagram SA.

hiv-file-extension
hiv-file-description Windows NT registry hive
hiv-file-description A hiv file extension is related to the Windows NT Registry Hive format.

hiwacsave-file-extension
hiwacsave-file-description Nancy Drew: Warnings at Waverly Academy saved game
hiwacsave-file-description Files with hiwacsave file extension are saved game positions from Nancy Drew: Warnings at Waverly Academy computer game.

hjt-file-extension
hjt-file-description TreePad editor file
hjt-file-description Files with hjt extension are used by a TreePad software. They include some database data from the application.

hk-file-extension
hk-file-description ASCA GIS housekeeping data
hk-file-description A hk file extension is related by the ASCA GIS housekeeping data file format.

hkc-file-extension
hkc-file-description HTML-KIT auto complete short cut
hkc-file-description A hkc file extension is related to the HTML-KIT, a HTML documents editor. A hkc file contains auto complete short cut.

hkdb-file-extension
hkdb-file-description Apple iTunes database
hkdb-file-description An hkbd file extension is related to the Apple iTunes, multimedia management software for Windows and Mac. An hkbd file stores database.

hke-file-extension
hke-file-description Painkiller Overdose game data
hke-file-description Files with hke file extension are game archives from PainKiller Overdose computer game. Might also be used in other PainKiller titles.

hkf-file-extension
hkf-file-description Microsoft .NET Framework data
hkf-file-description A hkf file extension is related to the Microsoft .NET Framework. A hkf file contains data.

hki-file-extension
hki-file-description WinHKI compressed archive
hki-file-description A hki file extension is related to the WinHKI program and used for its compressed archives.

hki1-file-extension
hki1-file-description WinHKI HKI1 compressed archive file
hki1-file-description Detailed description

hki2-file-extension
hki2-file-description WinHKI HKI2 compressed archive
hki2-file-description Files with hki2 suffix are usually encountered as compressed archives that have been packed using the WinHKI Archiver.

hki3-file-extension
hki3-file-description WinHKI HKI3 compressed archive file
hki3-file-description Detailed description

hkl-file-extension
hkl-file-description RMCProfile range of values data
hkl-file-description A hkl file extension is associated with the RMCProfile program. A hkl file contains range of values data.

hkm-file-extension
hkm-file-description Havok movie
hkm-file-description A hkm file extension is related to the Havok Visual Debugger. A hkm file stores movie or 3D animation.

hkp-file-extension
hkp-file-description Mentor Graphics database
hkp-file-description A hkp file extension is related to apps developed by Mentor Graphics.

hks-file-extension
hks-file-description HTML-KIT plugin file
hks-file-description Files with hks extension are used by the HTML-KIT software. They contain plugin data that adds extra features to the program.

hkv-file-extension
hkv-file-description Eyesight IP Camera video
hkv-file-description Files with hkv extension can be typically found as video recordings created with the Eyesight IP Cameras.

hkx-file-extension
hkx-file-description The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim animation
hkx-file-description A hkx file extension is related to the The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim animation file format.

hl-file-extension
hl-file-description HeuristicLab storage
hl-file-description A hl file extension is related to the HeuristicLab software. A hl file stores storage.

hl%24-file-extension
hl%24-file-description MS-DOS compressed help document
hl%24-file-description A hl$ file extension is related to the MS-DOS operating system and used for its compressed help data.

hl1-file-extension
hl1-file-description Half-Life saved game
hl1-file-description A hl1 file extension is related to the Half-Life, a first person shooter, released in 1998, A hl1 file contains saved game position.

hl2-file-extension
hl2-file-description Half-Life 2 saved game
hl2-file-description Files with hl2 file extension are related to the Half-Life 2 saved games.

hl6-file-extension
hl6-file-description Horizontal.Log 6 data
hl6-file-description A hl6 file extension is related to the Horizontal.Log 6 a log drafting software.

hl7-file-extension
hl7-file-description HL7 standard format data
hl7-file-description A hl7 file extension is related to the HL7 standard format data file format.

hla-file-extension
hla-file-description High Level Assembler source code
hla-file-description Files with hla file extension can be found as source codes in High Level Assembler assembly language.

hlb-file-extension
hlb-file-description VAX VMS help library
hlb-file-description Files with hlb file extension are related to the VAX VMS help library data.

hlc-file-extension
hlc-file-description ESO MIDAS help command data
hlc-file-description A hlc file extension is related to the ESO-MIDAS and used for its help command data.

hld-file-extension
hld-file-description Structural Desktop hold data
hld-file-description A hld file extension is related to the Structural Desktop and used for its hold data.

hlf-file-extension
hlf-file-description FAR Manager help data
hlf-file-description Files with hlf file extension can be found as help files prepared using the Far Manager program.

hlg-file-extension
hlg-file-description BMERC Homolog file format
hlg-file-description A hlg file extension is related to software developed by BMERC. A hlg file contains homolog sequences.

hlh-file-extension
hlh-file-description Ashampoo Photo Optimizer data
hlh-file-description A hlh file extension is related to the Ashampoo Photo Optimizer software for Windows.

hlk-file-extension
hlk-file-description Warhammer 40k Dawn of War 2 animation file
hlk-file-description Files with hlk suffix are in most cases animations from Warhammer 40k: Dawn of War 2 real-time strategy game.

hll-file-extension
hll-file-description Boulder Dash game data
hll-file-description A hll file extension is related to the Boulder Dash video game and used for its game data files.

hlm-file-extension
hlm-file-description Help data
hlm-file-description Files with hlm file extension are used as a various help files. They include some help information.

hln-file-extension
hln-file-description MicroStation hidden line data
hln-file-description A hln file extension is related to the MicroStation software. A hln file contains hidden line data.

hlog-file-extension
hlog-file-description VMware Workstation log
hlog-file-description A hlog file extension is related to the VMware Workstation and used for its log files.

hlp-file-extension
hlp-file-description Help file
hlp-file-description Files with hlp suffix can be most often found as various help files, or help documents that are used in numerous programs and software applications.

hlp_aq-file-extension
hlp_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
hlp_aq-file-description Files with hlp_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

hlq-file-extension
hlq-file-description ESO MIDAS help qualifier data
hlq-file-description An hlq file extension is related to the ESO MIDAS, an image processing program. An hlq file contains help qualifier data.

hlr-file-extension
hlr-file-description Attributes Gigascreen picture image
hlr-file-description Files with hlr file extension are commonly used by Attributes Gigascreen picture image format.

hls-file-extension
hls-file-description SimCity 4 hitlist
hls-file-description Files with hls file extension are used by SimCity 4, a video game for Windows and Apple Mac.

hlsl-file-extension
hlsl-file-description High Level Shader Language source code
hlsl-file-description An hlsl file extension is related to source codes written in High Level Shader Language used by Direct X.

hlsli-file-extension
hlsli-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
hlsli-file-description A hlsli file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development environment.

hlt-file-extension
hlt-file-description Watcher Database trades list
hlt-file-description An hlt file extension is related to the Watcher Database and used for its trades list files.

hlv-file-extension
hlv-file-description Multimedia data
hlv-file-description Files with hlv file extension can be found as some kind of Chinese multimedia format, possibly old and no longer used.

hlw-file-extension
hlw-file-description win32/AMalum.EDHZ data
hlw-file-description A hlw file extension is reloaded to malicious software called win32/AMalum.EDHZ. A hlw file stores some kind of malicious data.

hlx-file-extension
hlx-file-description MultiEdit help data
hlx-file-description Files with hlx file extension can be often found as help files from MultiEdit text editing tool.

hlx2-file-extension
hlx2-file-description Apple DocViewer data
hlx2-file-description An hlx2 file extension is related to the Apple DocViewer a document viewing app for Mac System 6.

hlz-file-extension
hlz-file-description MultiEdit packed help
hlz-file-description A hlz file extension is related to the MultiEdit, a development tool. A hlz file stores packed help.

hl_-file-extension
hl_-file-description Unknown file extension
hl_-file-description Files with hl_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

hm-file-extension
hm-file-description Windows Help context IDs file
hm-file-description Files with hm extension are used for Microsoft Visual C++ software.

hm0-file-extension
hm0-file-description MAGIX Audio Cleaning Lab waveform file
hm0-file-description Files with hm0 extension are used by the MAGIX Audio Cleaning LAb program and they are used as some various data files.

hm10-file-extension
hm10-file-description Media Player Classic - BE RAW video
hm10-file-description Files with hm10 file extension are related to the Media Player Classic - BE RAW video format.

hm12-file-extension
hm12-file-description Readme document for Linux driver patch
hm12-file-description A hm12 file extension is related to the Linux operating system drivers and used to store documentation.

hm2-file-extension
hm2-file-description Help & Manual help file project
hm2-file-description A hm2 file extension is related to the Help & Manual and used for its project files.

hm3-file-extension
hm3-file-description Help & Manual help file project
hm3-file-description A hm3 file extension is related to the Help & Manual help file projects from version 3.

hm4-file-extension
hm4-file-description Lorex backup
hm4-file-description Files with hm4 file extension can be found as data backup files from Lorex Client for L19WD Series. Perhaps a little outdated.

hm91-file-extension
hm91-file-description H.265 RAW video
hm91-file-description Files with hm91 file extension are related to the compression video format called H.265 / HEVC. An hm91 file stores H.265 RAW video data.

hma-file-extension
hma-file-description Sony MiniDisc audio file
hma-file-description Files with hma file extension can be typically found as audio files in Sony Minidisc format which features ATRAC3plus codec.

hmap-file-extension
hmap-file-description Microsoft SharePoint Server 2007 temporary file
hmap-file-description Files with hmap extension are used by Microsoft SharePoint server. They are used as a temporary file which can be deleted as it has no use.

hmap.Dir-file-extension
hmap.Dir-file-description Microsoft SharePoint Server 2007 temporary file
hmap.Dir-file-description Detailed description

hmax-file-extension
hmax-file-description Custom 3ds Max format
hmax-file-description Files with hmax file extension can be found as graphics files in customized 3ds Max format by John Hanh.

hmc-file-extension
hmc-file-description HAMIC data
hmc-file-description Files with hmc file extension are related to the HAMIC program and used for its data.

hmd-file-extension
hmd-file-description SWAT relative humidity input data
hmd-file-description A hmd file suffix is related to the SWAT relative humidity input data format.

hmdl-file-extension
hmdl-file-description Humus Model data
hmdl-file-description Files with hmdl file extension might be found as 3D graphics files in HUMUS format.

hme-file-extension
hme-file-description Theme Generator Windows Mobile theme
hme-file-description A hme file extension is related to the Theme Generator and used for its theme files.

hmf-file-extension
hmf-file-description HOOPS metafile
hmf-file-description A hmf file extension is related to the HOOPS framework and used for its metafiles.

hmgd-file-extension
hmgd-file-description Microsoft grammar data
hmgd-file-description A hmgd file extension is related to the Microsoft grammar files.

hmhd-file-extension
hmhd-file-description Word Hyphenation File
hmhd-file-description Detailed description

hmi-file-extension
hmi-file-description HMI MIDI music
hmi-file-description A hmi file extension is related to the Human Machine Interfaces (HMI) audio format used by various computer game.

hmk-file-extension
hmk-file-description Hallmark Card Studio card data
hmk-file-description A hmk file extension is related to the Hallmark Card Studio and used for its card files.

hml-file-extension
hml-file-description HostMonitor TestList data
hml-file-description Files with hml file extension can be found as TestLists files from HostMonitor program by KS-Soft.

hmm-file-extension
hmm-file-description HMMER data
hmm-file-description Files with hmm file suffix are associated with the HMMER software. An hmm file contains data.

hmmer-file-extension
hmmer-file-description SAM HMMER format file
hmmer-file-description Detailed description

hmmr-file-extension
hmmr-file-description SAM HMMR data
hmmr-file-description A hmmr file extension is related to the SAM (Sequence Alignment and Modeling system). A hmmr file stores data.

hmp-file-extension
hmp-file-description Descent MIDI audio
hmp-file-description A hmp file extension is related to the Descent video game series. A hmp file contains MIDI audio from game.

hmr-file-extension
hmr-file-description GeoTIFF bitmap file
hmr-file-description Fiels with hmr extension are used by GeoTIFF software. They contain special metadata.

hms-file-extension
hms-file-description HostMonitor script
hms-file-description A hms file suffix is related to the HostMonitor and used for its script files.

hmsd-file-extension
hmsd-file-description Microsoft dictionary file
hmsd-file-description The *.hmsd file extension is related with Microsoft grammar tools.

hmskin-file-extension
hmskin-file-description Help & Manual help file skin
hmskin-file-description A hmskin file extension is related to the Help & Manual and used for its help skin files.

hmt-file-extension
hmt-file-description HighMAT data
hmt-file-description An hmt file extension is related to the HighMAT (High Performance Media Access Technology).

hmv-file-extension
hmv-file-description Houdini movie file
hmv-file-description Files with hmv suffix can be typically found as movie or video files from Houdini 3D modeling software.

hmx-file-extension
hmx-file-description Help & Manual help file project
hmx-file-description Files with hmx file extension are related to the Help & Manual software and used for its help file projects.

hmxp-file-extension
hmxp-file-description Help & Manual help uncompressed XML project
hmxp-file-description Files with hmxp file extension are related to the Help & Manual program. A hmxp file contains uncompressed XML project.

hmxz-file-extension
hmxz-file-description Help & Manual help file compressed XML project
hmxz-file-description A file suffix hmxz are associated with the Help & Manual help file compressed XML project format.

hmy-file-extension
hmy-file-description Hemingway CMS plugin
hmy-file-description A hmy file extension is related to the Hemingway CMS. A hmy file stores plugin.

hm%7E-file-extension
hm%7E-file-description Help&Manual help project backup
hm%7E-file-description Files with hm~ file extension are used for Help&Manual system. A hm~ file contains help project backup.

hnc-file-extension
hnc-file-description NoteCenter note
hnc-file-description Files with hnc file extension can be found as very old files from either NoteCenter software or some kind of CNC program.

hnd-file-extension
hnd-file-description HNSKY deep sky database file
hnd-file-description Files with hnd extension are used for HNSKY (Hallo Northern Sky) software and contain deep sky database data.

hnf-file-extension
hnf-file-description HNF Split & Merge channels file
hnf-file-description Files with hnf extension are used by HNF Split & Merge utility.

hnl-file-extension
hnl-file-description Hunter MFC data
hnl-file-description A hnl file extension is related to the Hunter MFC software.

hnm-file-extension
hnm-file-description Cryo HNM movie soundtrack
hnm-file-description A hnm file extension is related to the Cryo HNM movie soundtrack file format.

hnq-file-extension
hnq-file-description Hunter data
hnq-file-description A hnq file extension is related to the Hunter application.

hnr-file-extension
hnr-file-description Teleatlas data
hnr-file-description Files with hnr file extension are Teleatlas GPS maps. Used in GPS navigation devices.

hnt-file-extension
hnt-file-description Hunter csv based collections
hnt-file-description A hnv file extension is related to the Hunter software for Windows.

hnumkhotep-file-extension
hnumkhotep-file-description Globe 3 ransomware affected file
hnumkhotep-file-description Files with hnumkhotep suffix are usually found as encrypted and renamed files that have been affected by the Globe 3 ransomware.

hnv-file-extension
hnv-file-description Hunter file
hnv-file-description A hnv file extension is related to the Hunter software for Windows.

hob-file-extension
hob-file-description Star Trek Birth of the Federation ship graphic data file
hob-file-description Files with hob extension are used for Star Trek computer game. They include graphics of spaceships.

hobo-file-extension
hobo-file-description Onset Hobo data logger
hobo-file-description Files with hobo file extension might be found as data files recorded using Onset Hobo Data Loggers.

hod-file-extension
hod-file-description Homeworld object data
hod-file-description Files with hod file extension are used for a computer game Homeworl, it contains object data files.

hof-file-extension
hof-file-description Hall Of Fame data
hof-file-description Files with hof file extension were often used to store game data like records, highest scores etc.

hog-file-extension
hog-file-description Lucas Arts Dark Forces data file
hog-file-description Files with hog extension are used for the Star Wars: Dark Forces computer game. They are game files.

hogg-file-extension
hogg-file-description Cryptic Studios data
hogg-file-description Files with hogg file extension are data files from games developed by Cryptic Studios, such as Star Trek Online.

hoi4-file-extension
hoi4-file-description Hearts of Iron IV saved game
hoi4-file-description Files with hoi4 file extension can be usually found as saved game positions from Hearts of Iron IV WW2 grand-strategy game.

hoic-file-extension
hoic-file-description HOIC DDoS script
hoic-file-description Files with hoic file extension can be found as special scripts used by several HOIC DDOS attack tools.

hol-file-extension
hol-file-description Microsoft Outlook holiday calendar
hol-file-description Files with hol file extension can be found as exported holiday calendars data from some older version of Microsoft Outlook.

holdemsave-ms-file-extension
holdemsave-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows Hold'em game data
holdemsave-ms-file-description A holdemsave-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Hold'em game.

hom-file-extension
hom-file-description CNC10 CNC programming data
hom-file-description A hom file extension is related to the CNC10 CNC programming data format.

homemap-file-extension
homemap-file-description Unknown file extension
homemap-file-description Files with homemap file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

honmod-file-extension
honmod-file-description Heroes of Newerth mod
honmod-file-description A honmod file extension is related to the Heroes of Newerth, a rela-time strategic computer game. A honmod file contains mod.

honreplay-file-extension
honreplay-file-description Heroes of Newerth replay
honreplay-file-description Files with honreplay file extension is related to the  Heroes of Newerth computer game. A honreplay file stores recorded replay.

hop-file-extension
hop-file-description Hippon protected data
hop-file-description A hop file extension is related to the HippOnProtect program. A hop file stores protected data.

hor-file-extension
hor-file-description Horoscope data
hor-file-description Files with hor file extension can be found as some sort of horoscope files.

hosts-file-extension
hosts-file-description Unknown file extension
hosts-file-description Files with hosts file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

hot-file-extension
hot-file-description Mosaic Internet address
hot-file-description A hot file extension is related to the Mosaic Internet address data. Mosaic was the first Web browser for Windows, Mac, Unix and Amiga.

hotkeys-file-extension
hotkeys-file-description 3D-Coat hotkeys settings
hotkeys-file-description A .hotkeys file extension is related to the 3D-Coat hotkeys settings files.

hotlist-file-extension
hotlist-file-description Internet Explorer hotlist
hotlist-file-description A hotlist file extension is associated with the Internet Explorer and used for its hotlist files.

hotspot-file-extension
hotspot-file-description Homeworld cursor informaiton
hotspot-file-description Files with hotspot file extension can be found as cursor data files from Homeworld real-time strategy computer game.

householdbinary-file-extension
householdbinary-file-description The Sims 4 game data
householdbinary-file-description Files with householdbinary file extension are used by The Sims 4 computer game for Windows and Mac.

hp-file-extension
hp-file-description HP Graphics Language plotter document
hp-file-description An hp file extension is related to the HP Graphics Language and used for its plotter files.

hp1-file-extension
hp1-file-description HP Graphics Language plotter file
hp1-file-description Files with hp1 extension are used by the HPGL printer control language.

hp2-file-extension
hp2-file-description HP Graphics Language plotter document
hp2-file-description Files with hp2 extension are printing documents for the HP Graphics Language for Hewlett-Packard plotters.

hp3-file-extension
hp3-file-description Harpoon Classic game data
hp3-file-description An hp3 file extension is associated with the Larry Bond's Harpoon Classic computer game. An hp3 file stores game data.

hp4-file-extension
hp4-file-description Harpoon Classic game data
hp4-file-description An hp4 file extension is associated with the Larry Bond's Harpoon Classic computer game. An hp4 file stores game data.

hp6-file-extension
hp6-file-description Harpoon Classic game data
hp6-file-description An hp6 file extension is associated with the Larry Bond's Harpoon Classic computer game. An hp6 file stores game data.

hp7-file-extension
hp7-file-description Harpoon Classic game data
hp7-file-description An hp7 file extension is associated with the Larry Bond's Harpoon Classic computer game. An hp7 file stores game data.

hp8-file-extension
hp8-file-description NewWave Write Text file
hp8-file-description Detailed description

hp9-file-extension
hp9-file-description Harpoon Classic game data
hp9-file-description An hp9 file extension is associated with the Larry Bond's Harpoon Classic computer game. An hp9 file stores game data.

hp%3F-file-extension
hp%3F-file-description LoseThos C++ header
hp%3F-file-description An hp? file extension is related to the LoseThos, a C++ development tool. A hp? file stores C++ header.

hpa-file-extension
hpa-file-description Hyper Patch archive
hpa-file-description Files with hpa suffix can be found as archives made using Hyper Patcher 2 software.

hpb-file-extension
hpb-file-description Larry Bond's Harpoon – Commander’s Edition game data
hpb-file-description A hpb file extension is related to the Larry Bond's Harpoon computer game and used for its game data.

hpc-file-extension
hpc-file-description HP font language
hpc-file-description An hpc file extension is related to the HP font language and Window CE Services.

hpd-file-extension
hpd-file-description HotDocs PDF document
hpd-file-description Files with hpd file extension can be typically found as PDF documents created with HotDocs productivity suite.

hpe-file-extension
hpe-file-description Canon JPEG data
hpe-file-description An hpe file extension is related to corrupted or damaged JPEG files.

hpf-file-extension
hpf-file-description High Performance FORTRAN data
hpf-file-description Files with hpf file extension are associated with High Performance FORTRAN code.

hpfs-file-extension
hpfs-file-description OS/2 High Performance File System
hpfs-file-description Files with hpfs file extension could be found on old OS/2 platform and related to High Performance File System.

hpg-file-extension
hpg-file-description HP Graphics Language plotter document
hpg-file-description A hpg file extension is related to the HP Graphics Language plotter file format.

hpgl-file-extension
hpgl-file-description Hewlett Packard Graphics Language plot file
hpgl-file-description Files with hpgl suffix can be generally found as plotter vector graphics in Hewlett Packagard Graphic Language format.

hpgl2-file-extension
hpgl2-file-description Hewlett Packard Graphics Language 2 picture image
hpgl2-file-description A hpgl2 file extension is related to the Hewlett Packard Graphics Language version 2. A hpgl2 file contains picture image.

hph-file-extension
hph-file-description Designer Graphics System 2 data
hph-file-description Files with hph file extension can be found as part of old Designer Graphics System 2 software.

hpi-file-extension
hpi-file-description Hemera Photo Image format
hpi-file-description A hpi file extension is associated with the Hemera Photo Image format an old graphics file format used by Hemera Photo Objects.

hpid-file-extension
hpid-file-description HP Instant Delivery software file
hpid-file-description Detailed description

hpj-file-extension
hpj-file-description Microsoft Win Help project
hpj-file-description A hpj file extension is related to the Microsoft WinHelp, a tool for creating and viewing Help documents in Microsoft Windows apps.

hpk-file-extension
hpk-file-description Haemimont Games game package file
hpk-file-description Files with hpk extension can be found as game packages from Haemimont Game Studio.

hpkg-file-extension
hpkg-file-description Halotea media data
hpkg-file-description A hpkg file extension is related to the Halotea media file format.

hpl-file-extension
hpl-file-description Hewlett-Packard LaserJet vector image
hpl-file-description Files with hpl file extension are some sort of vector images used by HP plotters.

hplg-file-extension
hplg-file-description Apple iTunes device plugin
hplg-file-description A hplg file extension is related to the Apple iTunes and used for its device plugin files.

hplj-file-extension
hplj-file-description Hewlett-Packerd LaserJet vector image file
hplj-file-description Detailed description

hpm-file-extension
hpm-file-description HP NewWave emm text
hpm-file-description A hpm file extension is related to the HP NewWave emm text format developed by Hewlett-Packard.

hpn-file-extension
hpn-file-description Harpoon Classic game data
hpn-file-description A hpn file extension is related to the Harpoon Classic and used for its game data files.

hpo-file-extension
hpo-file-description HippoDraw canvas document
hpo-file-description Files with hpo file extension are related to the HippoDraw canvas document format.

hpp-file-extension
hpp-file-description Hewlett-Packard Printer Control Language vector image
hpp-file-description A hpp file suffix is related to the Hewlett-Packard Printer Control Language vector image format.

hppcl-file-extension
hppcl-file-description Hewlett-Packard Printer Control Language vector image
hppcl-file-description The hppcl file extension is related to the Hewlett-Packard Printer Control Language vector images.

hpr-file-extension
hpr-file-description RoboHelp settings
hpr-file-description Files with hpr file extension can be found as configuration files from Adobe RoboHelp software. Used to save user preferences for single-source outputs.

hprj-file-extension
hprj-file-description Heroglyph project
hprj-file-description Files with hprj file extension can be found as projects from Heroglyph software.

hprof-file-extension
hprof-file-description Eclipse Java heap dump
hprof-file-description Files with hprof extension are related to the Java heap dump file format used to store snapshot of the memory of a Java process at a certain point of time.

hproj-file-extension
hproj-file-description HOBOware project
hproj-file-description Files with hproj file extension might be found as projects from HOBOware devices and software solutions.

hps-file-extension
hps-file-description Hewlett-Packard Web PrintSmart data
hps-file-description A hps file extension is related to the Hewlett-Packard Web PrintSmart. A hps file contains data.

hpsign-file-extension
hpsign-file-description HP System Software Manager data
hpsign-file-description A hpsign file extension is related to the HP System Software Manager (HP SSM). A hpsign file contains data.

hpt-file-extension
hpt-file-description HotDocs PDF template
hpt-file-description A hpt file extension is related to the HotDocs and used for its PDF template files.

hpux-file-extension
hpux-file-description HP Unix data
hpux-file-description Files with hpux file extension might be found as part of HP Unix operating system.

hpw-file-extension
hpw-file-description Hewlett-Packard Word document file
hpw-file-description Files with HPW file extension are used for the Word text editor developed by Hewlett - Packard. They include document files.

hpx-file-extension
hpx-file-description MetaVR 3D model
hpx-file-description A hpx file extension is related to the MetaVR 3D model file format.

hpz-file-extension
hpz-file-description Helpinator project
hpz-file-description Files with hpz file extension might be found as projects from Helpinator program.

hp_-file-extension
hp_-file-description Compressed WinHelp data
hp_-file-description An hp_ file extension is related to the WinHelp for Microsoft Windows. An hp_ file contains compressed data.

hq-file-extension
hq-file-description Apple ProRes 422 HQ video
hq-file-description Files with hq file suffix are related to ProRes video codec from Apple. A hq file contains video.

hqf-file-extension
hqf-file-description QuiltCAD stitch data
hqf-file-description Files with hqf file extension can be found as saved stitch designs from QuiltCAD.

hql-file-extension
hql-file-description Microsoft Windows Azure data query
hql-file-description An hql file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Azure, a cloud computing platform. An hql file stores query.

hqp-file-extension
hqp-file-description CP/M disc utility information data
hqp-file-description An hqp file extension is associated with the CP/M, a command-line operating system for various platforms. An hqp file contains information data form disc utility.

hqr-file-extension
hqr-file-description Little Big Adventure HQR file
hqr-file-description The hqr file extension was associated with Little Big Adventure computer game created by Electronic Arts.

hqz-file-extension
hqz-file-description Internet Explorer for Mac file
hqz-file-description Files with hqz extension are used for the Internet Explorer Macintosh Edition. They include various data for internal purposes use.

hr-file-extension
hr-file-description TRS 80 image file format
hr-file-description Files with hr extension can mainly be found as images in TRS 80 image format.

hr2-file-extension
hr2-file-description Poser hair data
hr2-file-description An hr2 file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D figure design and animation software. An hr2 file stores character hair files.

hrc-file-extension
hrc-file-description Autodesk Softimage 3D model
hrc-file-description An hrc file extension is related to the Autodesk Softimage 3D model format.

hrd-file-extension
hrd-file-description MSC Patran device-dependent hardcopy
hrd-file-description The hrd file extension is related to the MSC Patran device-dependent hardcopy file format.

hrf-file-extension
hrf-file-description Hitachi CADCore raster format
hrf-file-description A hrf file extension is associated with the Hitachi CADCore raster format.

hrh-file-extension
hrh-file-description Common header for resources and C++
hrh-file-description A hrh file extension is related to common header files used in programming.

hrl-file-extension
hrl-file-description Erlang source or script
hrl-file-description Files with hrl file extension can also be found as source codes in Erlang programming language.

hrm-file-extension
hrm-file-description Polar ProTrainer pulse rate save data
hrm-file-description Files with hrm extension can be in most cases found as pulse rate files from Polar ProTrainer software.

hrs-file-extension
hrs-file-description Holder Reporting System data
hrs-file-description Files with hrs file extension might be found as files created using Holder Reporting System.

hrt-file-extension
hrt-file-description Hornet Packer format
hrt-file-description A hrt file extension is related to the Hornet Packer audio format used on Amiga computers.

hru-file-extension
hru-file-description HRU image format
hru-file-description Files with hru extension are used as an image file format.

hrx-file-extension
hrx-file-description Herolab EasyWin32 document
hrx-file-description Files with hrx file extension are related to the Herolab EasyWin32 document format.

hrz-file-extension
hrz-file-description Poser compressed hair data
hrz-file-description An hrz file extension is related to Poser, a 3D figure design and animation app. An hrz file contains compressed hair information.

hs-file-extension
hs-file-description Literate Haskell source code or script
hs-file-description Files with hs file extension can commonly be found source codes written in Haskell programming language.

hs2-file-extension
hs2-file-description HyperRESEARCH postering monochrome image
hs2-file-description Files with hs2 file suffix are related to the HyperRESEARCH software. A hs2 file contains postering monochrome image format.

hs3-file-extension
hs3-file-description HyperRESEARCH study data
hs3-file-description A hs3 file extension is related to the HyperRESEARCH and used for its study data.

hs6lic-file-extension
hs6lic-file-description HyperSnap license
hs6lic-file-description A h6lic file extension is related to the HyperSnap license data.

hs7lic-file-extension
hs7lic-file-description HyperSnap data
hs7lic-file-description A hs7lic file extension is related to the HyperSnap, a screenshot creating software for Windows.

hs8lic-file-extension
hs8lic-file-description HyperSnap license
hs8lic-file-description A hs8lic file extension is associated with the HyperSnap screen capture app for Windows. A hs8lic file contains license.

hsa-file-extension
hsa-file-description Hagaki Studio address book
hsa-file-description Files with has file extension might be found as address books from Microsoft Hagaki Studio software.

hsancillary-file-extension
hsancillary-file-description Mac OS data
hsancillary-file-description A hsancillary file extension is related to the Mac OS operating system.

hsb-file-extension
hsb-file-description HALion sampler data
hsb-file-description A hsb file extension is related to the HALion, a music composing software. A hsb file contains sampler data.

hsc-file-extension
hsc-file-description HSC tracker 2-op FM music data
hsc-file-description Files with hsc extension are music files created with the HSC tracker. Playable with Winamp.

hsdl-file-extension
hsdl-file-description Hierarchical Scan Description Language
hsdl-file-description Detailed description

hse-file-extension
hse-file-description Adobe Dreamweaver snippet file
hse-file-description Files with hse extension are used for Adobe Dreamweaver. They include saved customized code snippets.

hsf-file-extension
hsf-file-description HOOPS 3D graphics
hsf-file-description Files with hsf extension can be found as 3D models based on the HOOPS file format which is used for sharing visualization data between disparate engineering applications.

hsg-file-extension
hsg-file-description Unknown file extension
hsg-file-description Files with hsg file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

hsh-file-extension
hsh-file-description Microsoft IIS NNTP hash data
hsh-file-description Files with hsh file extension can be found as hash files from Microsoft IIS NNTP service. The hsh file stores encrypted data.

hshader-file-extension
hshader-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
hshader-file-description Files with hshader file extension are associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio data.

hsi-file-extension
hsi-file-description Handmade Software bitmap image
hsi-file-description Files with hsi suffix may be typically encountered as old bitmap graphics files from Handmade Software.

hsk-file-extension
hsk-file-description Nimbus 7 SAMS data file
hsk-file-description Files with hsk extension are known as a Nimbus satellite's data container.

hskat-file-extension
hskat-file-description Knowledge Master data
hskat-file-description A hskat file extension is related to the Knowledge Master software and used for its data files.

hsm-file-extension
hsm-file-description Assembly language header
hsm-file-description A hsm file extension is related to the Assembly language header files.

hsn-file-extension
hsn-file-description HostScan hosts data
hsn-file-description A hsn file extension is related to the HostScan and used for its hosts data files.

hsp-file-extension
hsp-file-description Helium Scraper project
hsp-file-description A hsp file extension is related to the Helium Scraper project files.

hsq-file-extension
hsq-file-description Qaz Trojan data
hsq-file-description A hsq file extension is related to the Qaz Trojan and used for its data files.

hsql-file-extension
hsql-file-description htmSQL html data
hsql-file-description An hsql file extension is related to the htmSQL software. An hsql file contains HTML document.

hsr-file-extension
hsr-file-description RezeptAssist import or export file
hsr-file-description Files with the hsr extension are used by RezeptAssist application. They include import/export data.

hss-file-extension
hss-file-description Adobe Photoshop hue or saturation data
hss-file-description A hss file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop and used for its hue or saturation data.

hst-file-extension
hst-file-description Yahooo Messenger history
hst-file-description Files with hst file extension are also chat-logs saved with Yahoo Messanger.

hstx-file-extension
hstx-file-description Altair HyperStudy package
hstx-file-description Files with hstx file extension can be found as packages from  Altair HyperStudy software.

hsv-file-extension
hsv-file-description Diablo: Hellfire singleplayer character data
hsv-file-description A hsv file extension is related to the Diablo: Hellfire a data disk for original Diablo computer game. A hsv file stores single player character data.

hsx-file-extension
hsx-file-description Health & Safety Xpert project file
hsx-file-description Files with hsx extension are used for the Health & Safety Xpert tool. They store saved finished documents from application or in progress projects.

ht-file-extension
ht-file-description HyperTerminal session file
ht-file-description Files with ht file extension can be found as saved sessions made in HyperTerminal terminal emulation software for Windows.

ht1-file-extension
ht1-file-description Google Desktop application data
ht1-file-description Files with ht1 extension are used for Google Desktop to store application data.

ht3-file-extension
ht3-file-description HTML document
ht3-file-description A ht3 file extension is related to the HTML document file format.

ht4-file-extension
ht4-file-description HTML file Version 4 document
ht4-file-description A ht4 file extension is related to the HTML document format version 4.

hta-file-extension
hta-file-description HTML program
hta-file-description Files with hta extension are mainly apps written in the dynamic HTML markup language.

htaccess-file-extension
htaccess-file-description Apache access configuration
htaccess-file-description Files with htaccess file extension can be found as configuration files for Apache HTTP Server.

hta_aq-file-extension
hta_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
hta_aq-file-description Files with hta_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

htb-file-extension
htb-file-description Audacity help data
htb-file-description An .htb file extension is related to Audacity audio software and contains program help.

htc-file-extension
htc-file-description HTML component
htc-file-description A htc file extension is associated with the HTML Components (scripts and a set of HTC specific elements).

htcrtproj-file-extension
htcrtproj-file-description Jade Kitchen file
htcrtproj-file-description Detailed description

htd-file-extension
htd-file-description HyperTRANSCRIBE project
htd-file-description Files with htd file extension are related to the HyperTRANSCRIBE project file format.

htf-file-extension
htf-file-description GIS format
htf-file-description A htf file extension is related to the some kind of GIS file format.

htg-file-extension
htg-file-description HackTheGame mission pack
htg-file-description A htg file extension is related to the HackTheGame video game. A htg file stores mission pack.

htgroup-file-extension
htgroup-file-description Apache Server user group data
htgroup-file-description An htgroup file extension is related to the Apache Server user group files.

hti-file-extension
hti-file-description Microsoft Windows WinHelp related data
hti-file-description Files with hti file extension are reported to have been used by the Microsoft WinHelp platform for one of its data files.

htk-file-extension
htk-file-description Hidden Markov Model Toolkit speech recognition data
htk-file-description A htk file extension is used for audio files stored in the Hidden Markov Model Toolkit speech recognition file format.

htm2-file-extension
htm2-file-description Microsoft Office component
htm2-file-description A file extension htm2 is associated with the Microsoft Office components.

htmenx-file-extension
htmenx-file-description Unknown file extension
htmenx-file-description Files with htmenx file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

htmhjt-file-extension
htmhjt-file-description TreePad file
htmhjt-file-description A htmhjt file extension is related to the TreePad software for Windows.

html--file-extension
html--file-description Adobe Acrobat Reader HTML data
html--file-description A html- file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat Reader files.

html0-file-extension
html0-file-description Book Designer e-book file
html0-file-description Files with html0 extension are used by the Book Designer program. They store some e-book text data.

html5-file-extension
html5-file-description HTML5 Hypertext Markup Language revision 5 source
html5-file-description Files with html5 extension can be sometimes found as html5 source codes for web pages. Usually the extension is just HTML.

htmlenx-file-extension
htmlenx-file-description Egis encrypted HTML file
htmlenx-file-description Detailed description

htmls-file-extension
htmls-file-description HyperText Markup Language document with server-side include
htmls-file-description A htmls file extension is used for web documents stored in HTML Hypertext Markup Language file format.

htmlz-file-extension
htmlz-file-description Zipped HTML document or e-book
htmlz-file-description Files with htmlz file extension can be usually found as documents and publications in special Zipped HTML file format.

htms-file-extension
htms-file-description PHP HTML document
htms-file-description A .htms file extension is related to HTML documents with PHP scripts.

htm%7E-file-extension
htm%7E-file-description HTML Hypertext Markup Language web page
htm%7E-file-description A htm~ file extension is used for web documents stored in HTML Hypertext Markup Language file format

htn-file-extension
htn-file-description Micrografx Picture Publisher 8 print style file
htn-file-description The htn extension files were associated with Micrografx Picture Publisher program. Now it is discontinued product.

htp-file-extension
htp-file-description Honest Technology Video Editor project
htp-file-description Files with htp file extension are associated with project files created by Honest Technology applications.

htpasswd-file-extension
htpasswd-file-description Apache password data
htpasswd-file-description A htpasswd file extension is related to the Apache HTTP Server app. A htpasswd file stores username and password pairs.

htpl-file-extension
htpl-file-description IBM Rational Application Developer WebContent  theme file
htpl-file-description Files with htpl extension are used by Rational Application Developer. They store theme data for the WebContent.

htr-file-extension
htr-file-description Microsoft Windows NT password services script
htr-file-description A htr file stores password services script for Microsoft Windows NT operating system.

htri-file-extension
htri-file-description HTRI Xchanger Suite data input
htri-file-description Files with htri file extension can be found as databases with data for HTRI Xchanger Suite program by Heat Transfer Research.

hts-file-extension
hts-file-description XL2 data file
hts-file-description A hts file extension is related to the XL2 hand held audio and acoustic analyzer.

htt-file-extension
htt-file-description Microsoft HyperText template
htt-file-description A htt file extension is related to the Microsoft HyperText template files used by Windows Explorer to visualize folder content etc.

htw-file-extension
htw-file-description Microsoft Windows data
htw-file-description A htw file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows system. A htw file contains data.

htx-file-extension
htx-file-description Microsoft FrontPage database results
htx-file-description Files with htx extension are used for Microsofot FrontPage application. They store database results data.

htxt-file-extension
htxt-file-description Hanvon WISEreader e-book file
htxt-file-description Files with htxt extension are used by the Hanvon WISEreader portable reading device. They contain e-books stored in binary file format.

htz4-file-extension
htz4-file-description HyperMaker publication
htz4-file-description A .htz4 file extension is related to the HyperMaker an e-book compiler. A .htz4 file stores electronic publication.

htz5-file-extension
htz5-file-description HyperMaker document
htz5-file-description Files with htz5 file extension might be mainly found as documents made in HyperMaker e-book compiler.

ht_-file-extension
ht_-file-description Hot Potatoes data
ht_-file-description Files with ht_ file extension are used for The Hot Potatoes. It is a freeware software that allows user to create quizes, crosswords etc.

hud-file-extension
hud-file-description SmartWare dictionary
hud-file-description A hud file extension is related to the SmartWare and used for its dictionary files.

hue-file-extension
hue-file-description HUE Animation project
hue-file-description A hue file extension is associated with the HUE Animation software. A hue file contains project

huf-file-extension
huf-file-description Huffman encoded data
huf-file-description A huf file extension is related to the Huffman encoded data format.

hug-file-extension
hug-file-description Unknown file extension
hug-file-description Files with hug file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

huge-file-extension
huge-file-description iFixit renamed JPEG picture
huge-file-description Files with huge extension are in most cases just renamed JPEG bitmap pictures that are huge in file size.

huh-file-extension
huh-file-description HydroCAD unit hydrograph definitions data
huh-file-description A huh file extension is related to the HydroCAD program and used for its hydrograph definitions.

hul-file-extension
hul-file-description Re-Volt collision data
hul-file-description A hul file extension is related to the Re-Volt car racing video game and used for its collision data files.

hull-file-extension
hull-file-description Half-Life map collision hull data
hull-file-description A hull file extension is related to the Half-Life video game. A hull file contains collision hull data.

hun-file-extension
hun-file-description Personal Paint Hungarian language user interface
hun-file-description A hun file extension is related to the Personal Paint Hungarian language user interface format.

hup-file-extension
hup-file-description Haihaisoft DRM-X protected video
hup-file-description Files with hup file extension can be usually found as digital content in protected DRM-X Haihaisoft digital rights management software.

hus-file-extension
hus-file-description Husqvarna embroidery design
hus-file-description Files with hus extension can be found as embroidery design files for Husqvarna stitching machines.

hush-file-extension
hush-file-description Jigsaw ransomware affected file
hush-file-description Files with hush suffix are in most cases files that were encrypted and renamed by some variant of the Jigsaw ransomware.

huv-file-extension
huv-file-description Husqvarna Viking Designer graphic data
huv-file-description A huv file extension is associated with the Husqvarna Viking Designer software. A huv file contains graphic data.

hv-file-extension
hv-file-description Microsoft Windows Mobile hive
hv-file-description A hv file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Mobile operating system. A hv file is used to store registry data.

hv3-file-extension
hv3-file-description Honeyview compressed image
hv3-file-description Files with hv3 file extension are related to the Honeyview compressed image format.

hva-file-extension
hva-file-description Command and Conquer Tiberian Sun voxel animation control data
hva-file-description A hva file extension is used for files that contain voxel animation control data in Command and Conquer: Tiberian Sun and Red Alert 2 computer games.

hvc-file-extension
hvc-file-description ASCII text
hvc-file-description An hvc file extension is related to the ASCII text files used by some apps.

hvc1-file-extension
hvc1-file-description H.265 RAW video
hvc1-file-description Files with hvc1 file extension are related to the compression video format called H.265 / HEVC. An hvc1 file stores H.265 RAW video data.

hvd-file-extension
hvd-file-description HoverDesk theme
hvd-file-description A hvd file extension is related to the HoverDesk program. A hvd file contains theme.

hve-file-extension
hve-file-description Hive Editor 3D environment
hve-file-description Files with hve extension are in most cases found as scene files from the Hive Editor.

hvif-file-extension
hvif-file-description Haiku vector icon format
hvif-file-description An hvif file extension is related to the Haiku and used for its vector icon format.

hvj-file-extension
hvj-file-description Havij project
hvj-file-description An hvj file extension is related to the Havij, an SQL database testing program. An hvj file stores project.

hvl-file-extension
hvl-file-description Commodore Amiga HivelyTracker audio module
hvl-file-description A hvl file extension is related to the Commodore Amiga HivelyTracker software. A hvl file contains audio module.

hvpl-file-extension
hvpl-file-description Apple iTunes visual plugin file
hvpl-file-description Detailed description

hvs-file-extension
hvs-file-description Cubicon Cubicreator g-code data
hvs-file-description Files with hvs file suffix are related to the Cubicon Cubicreator g-code data format.

hvuf-file-extension
hvuf-file-description Hydraulic Calculation format
hvuf-file-description An hvuf file extension is related to the Hydraulic Calculation format, a very rare used file format.

hw-file-extension
hw-file-description Marvelous Designer hardware ID data
hw-file-description An hw file extension is related to the Marvelous Designer hardware ID data format.

hw3-file-extension
hw3-file-description World Literary Heritage document file
hw3-file-description Files with hw3 extension are used by World Literary Heritage program.

hwas-file-extension
hwas-file-description XWE data
hwas-file-description An hwas file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

hwd-file-extension
hwd-file-description Hedgewars game replay
hwd-file-description A hws file extension is associated with the Hedgewars and used for its game replay files.

hwl-file-extension
hwl-file-description Corel WordPerfect shared Writing Tools data
hwl-file-description A hwl file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect, a word processing tool. A hwl file stores some kind of data.

hwof-file-extension
hwof-file-description Microsoft Office for Mac help file
hwof-file-description Detailed description

hwp-file-extension
hwp-file-description Hanword (Hangul) document
hwp-file-description Files with hwp extension can be typically found as documents created using Hangul (Hanword), a Korean word processor.

hwpml-file-extension
hwpml-file-description Hangul Word Processor Markup Language document
hwpml-file-description Files with hwpml file extension are associated with Hangul Word Processor Markup Language document format.

hws-file-extension
hws-file-description Hedgewars saved game file
hws-file-description Files with hws extension are used by Hedgewars computer game. It is used as a save game file.

hwt-file-extension
hwt-file-description Huawei Emotion UI theme
hwt-file-description Files with hwt extension can be found as Emotion UI launcher themes for certain Android based Huawei devices.

hwx-file-extension
hwx-file-description RSNetWorx registration data
hwx-file-description Files with hwx file extension can be usually encountered as some sort of registration files for RSNetWorx tool for providing design and configuration management services for ControlNet and other types of networks.

hx-file-extension
hx-file-description Haxe source code file
hx-file-description Files with hx suffix may be typically found as source codes written in Haxe programming language.

hx1-file-extension
hx1-file-description Microsoft Windows data
hx1-file-description An hx1 file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows system. An hx1 file contains data.

hxa-file-extension
hxa-file-description Microsoft Help attribute definition file
hxa-file-description Files with hxa extension are used by the Microsoft Help. They define some attributes used by a compiled Help file.

hxb-file-extension
hxb-file-description QCTest data
hxb-file-description A hxb file extension is related to the QCTest Suite from Qualcomm.

hxc-file-extension
hxc-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Collection Definition file
hxc-file-description Files with hxc extension are used by Microsoft Help Workshop program.

hxd-file-extension
hxd-file-description Microsoft Help validator data
hxd-file-description Files with hxd file extension are mainly related to Microsoft Help platform and used for validator files.

hxe-file-extension
hxe-file-description Microsoft Windows Help samples definition
hxe-file-description An hxe file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Help and used for its samples definition files.

hxf-file-extension
hxf-file-description Microsoft Help include data
hxf-file-description Files with hxf extension are used for Microsoft Help version 2.

hxh-file-extension
hxh-file-description Microsoft Help merged hierarchy file
hxh-file-description Files with hxh extension are associated with Microsoft Help, this file format was used for online help files.

hxi-file-extension
hxi-file-description Microsoft Help compiled storage file
hxi-file-description Files with hxi extension are used by Microsoft Help. It is a compiled help storage file format.

hxk-file-extension
hxk-file-description Microsoft Help 2 keyword index
hxk-file-description A hxk file extension is related to the Microsoft Help 2 and used for its keyword index.

hxl-file-extension
hxl-file-description Microsoft Help registered namespace list file
hxl-file-description Files with hxl extension are used for the Microsoft Windows Help program. They include saved registered namespaced lists.

hxm-file-extension
hxm-file-description Descent 2 resource modification
hxm-file-description A hxm file extension is related to the Descent 2 and used for its resource modifications.

hxml-file-extension
hxml-file-description haXe makefile
hxml-file-description Files with the hxml file extension can be found as source codes written in the haXe programming language.

hxn-file-extension
hxn-file-description Hexagon 3D model
hxn-file-description Files with hxn suffix can be mainly found as 3D models prepared and saved using DAZ Hexagon.

hxp-file-extension
hxp-file-description haXe project
hxp-file-description A hxp file extension is related to the haXe, a multiplatform programming language and compiler. A hxp file contains project.

hxproj-file-extension
hxproj-file-description FlashDevelop Flash project
hxproj-file-description A hxproj file extension is related to FlashDevelop development environment for Flash content. A hxproj file contains programming project.

hxq-file-extension
hxq-file-description Microsoft Help merged query index file
hxq-file-description Files with hxq extension is used by Microfoft Help.

hxr-file-extension
hxr-file-description Microsoft Help data file
hxr-file-description Files with hxr extension are used by Microsof Help utility.

hxs-file-extension
hxs-file-description Microsoft Help compiled help document
hxs-file-description Files with hxs file extension are related to the Microsoft Help program. An hxs file contains compiled help document.

hxt-file-extension
hxt-file-description Help table of contents
hxt-file-description Files with hxt file extension can be found as table of contents files for HXS help files in Microsoft Windows operating system.

hxv-file-extension
hxv-file-description Microsoft Help virtual topic definition
hxv-file-description Files with hxv file extension can be found as virtual topic definition files from Microsoft Help.

hxw-file-extension
hxw-file-description Microsoft Help attribute definition
hxw-file-description Files with hxw file extension are mainly related to Microsoft Help platform and used for attribute definition files.

hxx-file-extension
hxx-file-description C++ header data
hxx-file-description A hxx file extension is associated with the C++ programming language and used for its header files.

hx_-file-extension
hx_-file-description Unknown file extension
hx_-file-description Files with hx_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

hy1-file-extension
hy1-file-description Ventura Publisher hyphenation algorithm
hy1-file-description A hy1 file extension is related to the Ventura Publisher and used for its hyphenation algorithm files.

hy2-file-extension
hy2-file-description Ventura Publisher hyphenation algorithms
hy2-file-description A hy2 file extension is related to the Ventura Publisher from Ventura Software. A hy2 file contains hyphenation algorithms.

hy3-file-extension
hy3-file-description Hy-Tek data
hy3-file-description Files with hy3 file extension might be found as data files from older Hy-Tek products. Replaced by HYV format.

hyc-file-extension
hyc-file-description Corel WordPerfect data
hyc-file-description A hyc file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect, a text editing tool. A hyc file stores data.

hyd-file-extension
hyd-file-description Corel WordPerfect hyphenation dictionary file
hyd-file-description Files with hyd extension are used by the Corel WordPerfect application. They store some hyphenation dictionary data.

hydra-file-extension
hydra-file-description Adobe Pixel Bender kernel
hydra-file-description A hydra file extension is related to the Adobe Pixel Bender kernel data.

hym-file-extension
hym-file-description Hymarc scandata scanner 3D image binary data
hym-file-description A hym file extension is related to the Hymarc 3D scanner and used for its 3D image binary files.

hyn-file-extension
hyn-file-description HydroNet Explorer component information
hyn-file-description A hyn file extension is related to the HydroNet Explorer a part of HydroCAD. A hyn file stores information about components.

hyp-file-extension
hyp-file-description Adobe Acrobat dictionary
hyp-file-description A hyp file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat and used for its dictionary files.

hype-file-extension
hype-file-description Hype web project
hype-file-description Files with hype file extension are used for Hype application creating web pages in HTML5 language on Mac. It contains a lot of data such as texts, animations etc.

hyq-file-extension
hyq-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks hydrograph data
hyq-file-description An hyq file extension is related to the CARE-S and used for its hydrograph data files.

hyv-file-extension
hyv-file-description Hy-Tek data
hyv-file-description Files with hyv file extension might be found as data files from Hy-Tek sport solutions, like Team Manager.

hz-file-extension
hz-file-description Chinese (Hanzi) text
hz-file-description Files with hz file extension can be found as ASCII files with Chinese characters.

hzd-file-extension
hzd-file-description SeisWorks data
hzd-file-description Files with hzd file extension are related to the SeisWorks data format.

h_-file-extension
h_-file-description Microsoft WinHelp compressed data
h_-file-description A h_ file extension is related to the Microsoft WinHelp compressed data format.

h__-file-extension
h__-file-description C++ header data
h__-file-description A h__ file extension is related to the C++ header files.

iba-file-extension
iba-file-description iBooks Author e-book

ibooks-file-extension
ibooks-file-description iBooks e-book
ibooks-file-description Files with ibooks extension are commonly found as e-books from Apple iBooks app. Default authoring format on Mac.

icns-file-extension
icns-file-description Apple icon graphic format
icns-file-description Files with icns extension can be usually encountered as icon archives from Mac OS X (macOS). Contains several sizes of icons in a single file.

ico-file-extension
ico-file-description Icon image
ico-file-description An ico file extension is mainly related to an icon graphic file format used by various operating systems. An ico file stores icons at various sizes.

icon-file-extension
icon-file-description Icon image file
icon-file-description Files with icon extension s commonly used for small graphic icon files in my programs. Can be opened and edited in programs like Axialis IconWorkshop or Icon Catcher.

ics-file-extension
ics-file-description iCalendar calendar file format (Microsoft Outlook, Apple iCal)

idx-file-extension
idx-file-description Index file

ifo-file-extension
ifo-file-description DVD movie information file format

img-file-extension
img-file-description Floppy Image image

ind-file-extension
ind-file-description Adobe InDesign graphics document

indd-file-extension
indd-file-description Adobe InDesign document
indd-file-description Files with indd extension are associated with Adobe InDesign and used for its default InDesign document format. InDesign is used to create graphically rich documents, brochures and other more sophisticated texts. It was a part of Adobe Creative suite and currently of Adobe Creative Cloud.

inf-file-extension
inf-file-description Windows installation script

ini-file-extension
ini-file-description Text configuration data

inv-file-extension
inv-file-description Microsoft Windows Update data

ipa-file-extension
ipa-file-description Apple iOS application
ipa-file-description An ipa file extension is generally used for application packages downloaded from Apple iTunes app store. The IPA is a container format that contains app installations.

ipd-file-extension
ipd-file-description BlackBerry backup (pre 2012)

ipsw-file-extension
ipsw-file-description iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch iOS software firmware update
ipsw-file-description An ipsw file extension is used for iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch software firmware update files. IPSW archive contains DSG Apple disk images with iOS system installation, updates and fixes that are installed to iOS device via iTunes.

ipt-file-extension
ipt-file-description AutoDesk Inventor CAD part

iso-file-extension
iso-file-description CD/DVD/HD DVD/Blu-ray disc ISO binary image

isz-file-extension
isz-file-description UltraISO compressed disk image
isz-file-description Files with isz extension can be most often encountered as compressed disk image files from the makers of UltraISO. It's a somewhat rare file format and most programs do not support it.

i-file-extension
i-file-description Borland C++ intermediate preprocessor output data
i-file-description An i file extension can be mostly found as intermediate preprocessor output files from C++.

i00-file-extension
i00-file-description Split MDS disk image
i00-file-description Files with i00 file extension can be found as one part of a split MDS disk image file format. Typically was used for sharing purposes, where each parts were downloaded individually.

i01-file-extension
i01-file-description DVD Decrypter split disk image
i01-file-description An i01 file extension is related to the DVD ISO split disk image file created by DVD Decrypter.

i02-file-extension
i02-file-description Split disk image file
i02-file-description Files with i02 extension are known as disk image split files.

i03-file-extension
i03-file-description Split disk image file
i03-file-description Files with i03 extension are known as disk image split files.

i04-file-extension
i04-file-description Split disk image file
i04-file-description The i04 extension file is a split iso mds disk image file.

i05-file-extension
i05-file-description Split disk image
i05-file-description An i05 file extension is related to the split disk image created with DVD Decrypter software.

i16-file-extension
i16-file-description Nokia logo format
i16-file-description An i16 file extension is related to the logo format used by some apps, which enable users to create logos for Nokia cell phones.

i17-file-extension
i17-file-description Pixel PowerCollage image
i17-file-description An i17 file extension is related to the Pixel PowerCollage and use for its image files.

i18-file-extension
i18-file-description Pixel Power Collage image format
i18-file-description An i19 file extension is related to the Pixel Power Collage image format. Probably obsolete file format.

i1c-file-extension
i1c-file-description IBM Voice Type languages Newuser data
i1c-file-description An i1c file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its Newuser files.

i1i-file-extension
i1i-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
i1i-file-description An i1i file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type, a voice dictation program. An i1i file stores languages newuser data.

i2b-file-extension
i2b-file-description Invoice2go product
i2b-file-description An i2b file extension is related to the Invoice2go and used for its product files.

i2c-file-extension
i2c-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
i2c-file-description An i2c file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type program. An i2c file stores languages newuser data.

i2d-file-extension
i2d-file-description Wyse Device Management thin client disk image
i2d-file-description An i2d file extension is related to the Wyse Device Management and used for its thin client disk image.

i2g-file-extension
i2g-file-description Intergeo I2G geometric data
i2g-file-description An i2g file extension is related to the Intergeo I2G geometric file format.

i2i-file-extension
i2i-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
i2i-file-description An i2i file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type, a voice dictation program. An i2i file stores languages newuser data.

i2s-file-extension
i2s-file-description Invision for mIRC settings
i2s-file-description Files with i2s file extension can be found as Invision for mIRC settings files. Probably obsolete.

i32-file-extension
i32-file-description NI LabView data
i32-file-description Files with I32 file extension might be found as part of LabVIEW software.

i3a-file-extension
i3a-file-description Point Blank game data
i3a-file-description An i3a file extension is related to the Point Blank, a first person shooter video game. An i3a file stores game data.

i3animpack-file-extension
i3animpack-file-description Point Blank game data
i3animpack-file-description Files with .i3animpack file extension can be found as one of the game files from Point Blank computer game.

i3c-file-extension
i3c-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
i3c-file-description An i3c file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its Newuser files.

i3chr-file-extension
i3chr-file-description Point Blank game audio data
i3chr-file-description An i3chr file extension files can be found as game data files from Point Blank first-person shooter.

i3d-file-extension
i3d-file-description Hidden and Dangerous game file
i3d-file-description Files with i3d file extension can be found as game data files from Hidden and Dangerous (1999) computer game.

i3exec-file-extension
i3exec-file-description Point Blank game data
i3exec-file-description Files with i3exec are game data files from the Point Blank 3D action computer game..

i3f-file-extension
i3f-file-description I3 fax data
i3f-file-description Files with i3f file extension can be found as fax files from I3 by Interactive Intelligence.

i3i-file-extension
i3i-file-description IBM Voice Type languages Newuser data
i3i-file-description An i3i file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type a software used to remote computer with voice. An i3i file contains languages Newuser files.

i3pack-file-extension
i3pack-file-description i3pack audio
i3pack-file-description Files with i3pack extension can be generally found as special audio files used playable in i3Play media player.

i3s-file-extension
i3s-file-description Point Blank game data
i3s-file-description An i3s file extension is related to the Point Blank video game. An i3s file stores game data.

i5d-file-extension
i5d-file-description IUCLID XML backup
i5d-file-description Files with i5d file extension can be found as backups made in IUCLID chemical information database software.

i5s-file-extension
i5s-file-description IUCLID compressed backup
i5s-file-description An i5s file extension is related to the IUCLID, a chemistry software. An i5s file stores compressed backup.

i5z-file-extension
i5z-file-description IUCLID import or export file
i5z-file-description Files with i5z extension can be found as inter-exchange format for IUCLID (International Uniform ChemicaL Information Database) program.

i61-file-extension
i61-file-description LogoManager logo
i61-file-description An i61 file extension is associated with the LogoManager application for Windows. An i61 file contains logo.

i64-file-extension
i64-file-description Interactive Disassembler data
i64-file-description Files with i64 file extension might be mostly be found as part of the Disassembler utility. Some internal 64bit format.

i8-file-extension
i8-file-description Digital Video Interactive device dependent data
i8-file-description An i8 file extension is related to the Digital Video Interactive device dependent data format.

ia-file-extension
ia-file-description Internet archive
ia-file-description An ia file extension is related to the Internet archive format.

ia1-file-extension
ia1-file-description Infinite Algebra 1 data
ia1-file-description An ia1 file extension is related to the Infinite Algebra 1 and used for its data files.

ia2-file-extension
ia2-file-description Infinite Algebra assignment data
ia2-file-description An ia2 file extension is related to the Infinite Algebra and used for its assignment files.

ia6-file-extension
ia6-file-description IApproach work data
ia6-file-description Files with ia6 file extension can be found as part of IApproach software platform from Tdata.

ia64-file-extension
ia64-file-description HP-UX data
ia64-file-description Files with ia64 file extension might be found on HP-UX platform. An ia64 file stores some kind of data.

iaa-file-extension
iaa-file-description INTUS audio file
iaa-file-description Files with iaa extension are used by the INTUS terminals. They include some archive of sounds.

iab-file-extension
iab-file-description Automatic Backup image
iab-file-description Files with iab file extension can be found as automatic backup images created using the IOmega storage devices.

iad-file-extension
iad-file-description Symantec Patch Management data
iad-file-description An iad file extension is related to the Symantec Patch Management data format.

iadaction-file-extension
iadaction-file-description iAd Producer action template
iadaction-file-description An iadaction file extension is related to iAd Producer action template files.

iadclass-file-extension
iadclass-file-description iAd Producer class description
iadclass-file-description An iadclass file extension is related to the iAd Producer class description files.

iadcomponent-file-extension
iadcomponent-file-description iAd Producer component
iadcomponent-file-description Files with iadcomponent file extension are commonly used by iAd Producer.

iadpage-file-extension
iadpage-file-description iAd Producer page template
iadpage-file-description An iadpage file extension is related to the iAd Producer page template files.

iadplug-file-extension
iadplug-file-description iAd Producer plugin
iadplug-file-description An iadplug file extension is related to the iAd Producer development software for OS X operating system.

iadproj-file-extension
iadproj-file-description iAd Producer project
iadproj-file-description An iadproj file extension is related to the iAd Producer for macOS system. An iadproj file contains project from iAd Producer.

iadstyle-file-extension
iadstyle-file-description iAd Producer style template
iadstyle-file-description Files with iadstyle file extension are commonly used by iAd Producer style template files.

iaf-file-extension
iaf-file-description Microsoft Outlook exported account and email setting
iaf-file-description Files with iaf extension can be often found as exported e-mail account settings from Microsoft Outlook e-mail and time management software.

iai-file-extension
iai-file-description NovaLogic item attributes info
iai-file-description Än iai file extension is related to video games developed by NovaLogic. An iai file stores item attributes info.

iak-file-extension
iak-file-description MAIL.DAT information access key
iak-file-description An iak file extension is used for information access key files associated with the MAIL.DAT.

ial-file-extension
ial-file-description Microsoft SharePoint list activity file
ial-file-description Files with ial extension are used by SharePoint software. They are used to create customize list activity design in application.

iam-file-extension
iam-file-description Autodesk Inventor assembly data
iam-file-description Files with iam file suffix may be usually found as assembly files created and saved in the Autodesk Inventor program.

ian-file-extension
ian-file-description Sterling Software COOL:Jex business team model
ian-file-description An ian file extension is commonly used by Sterling Software COOL:Jex business team model format.

iao-file-extension
iao-file-description ImperiumAO game data
iao-file-description An iao file extension is related to the ImperiumAO video game. An iao file contains game data.

iap-file-extension
iap-file-description Iguana Active Server active page script
iap-file-description Files with iap file extension might be found scripts for Iguana Active Server solution. Probably old.

iar-file-extension
iar-file-description CD Katalog data
iar-file-description Files with iar file extension are used for CD Katalog. An iar file contains data.

ias-file-extension
ias-file-description BitDefender data
ias-file-description An ias file extension is related to the BitDefender and used for its data files.

iascii-file-extension
iascii-file-description Mistaken TXT file
iascii-file-description Detailed description

iaw-file-extension
iaw-file-description ImageAMMO wrapper data
iaw-file-description Files with iaw file extension are related to the ImageAMMO wrapper data format.

iax-file-extension
iax-file-description IBM Image Access eXecutive bitmap file
iax-file-description An iax file extension is related to the bitmap format used by IBM mainframes.

ib-file-extension
ib-file-description InterBase database
ib-file-description An ib file extension is related to the InterBase and used for its database files.

ib2-file-extension
ib2-file-description IncrediBots world map file
ib2-file-description Files with ib2 extension are used for the IncrediBots computer game. They contain customized world map data.

ib3-file-extension
ib3-file-description IncrediBots world map file
ib3-file-description Files with ib3 extension are used by the IncrediBots computer game. They are used as a game files.

ib7-file-extension
ib7-file-description Pixel Power Collage image format
ib7-file-description Detailed description

ibadr-file-extension
ibadr-file-description ISOBuster file
ibadr-file-description An ibadr file extension is related to the ISOBuster software for Microsoft Windows system.

ibak-file-extension
ibak-file-description Password Safe backup
ibak-file-description An ibak file extension is related to the Password Safe passwords management software and used for its backups.

ibank-file-extension
ibank-file-description iBank accounting data file
ibank-file-description Files with ibank suffix can be typically found as accounting data saved in the iBank personal finance management software.

ibatemplate-file-extension
ibatemplate-file-description iBooks Author template
ibatemplate-file-description An ibatemplate file extension is related to the iBooks Author and used for its template files.

ibb-file-extension
ibb-file-description LIGHTNING UK! ImgBurn project
ibb-file-description An ibb file extension is related to the ImgBurn CD/DVD authorizing application developed by the LIGHTNING UK!.

ibc-file-extension
ibc-file-description Microsoft Office Outlook data
ibc-file-description An ibc file extension is associated with the Microsoft Office Outlook software.

ibcd-file-extension
ibcd-file-description InstantBingoCard document
ibcd-file-description An ibcd file extension is related to the InstantBingoCard document format. Probably obsolete application.

ibch-file-extension
ibch-file-description IncrediBots challenge data
ibch-file-description An ibch file extension is related to the IncrediBots and used for its challenge files.

ibd-file-extension
ibd-file-description MySQL InnoDB database table
ibd-file-description Files with ibd extension are mostly database tables used by MySQL InnoDB. Default storage engine of MySQL since 5.5.

ibdat-file-extension
ibdat-file-description ISOBuster debug dump image
ibdat-file-description An ibdat file extension is related to the ISOBuster debug dump image files.

ibe-file-extension
ibe-file-description IBECrypto encrypted file
ibe-file-description Files with ibe extension are associated with IBECrypto program. They contain encrypted data.

ibf-file-extension
ibf-file-description Final Fantasy XI game data
ibf-file-description An ibf file extension is related to the Final Fantasy XI computer game for PC, video gaming consoles and mobile operating systems.

ibg-file-extension
ibg-file-description NASA PDS graphic format
ibg-file-description An ibg file extension is related to the NASA PDS graphic format.

ibi-file-extension
ibi-file-description Raven Software ICARUS compiled script
ibi-file-description An ibi file extension is related to the Raven Software ICARUS compiled script files developed by Raven Software.

ibk-file-extension
ibk-file-description Sound Blaster FM instrument bank
ibk-file-description Files with ibk file extension may also be found as sound instrument banks in one of the Sound Blaster FM formats.

ibl-file-extension
ibl-file-description IBasic component
ibl-file-description Files with ibl file extension are related to the IBasic component format.

ibm-file-extension
ibm-file-description Commodore Amiga graphics data
ibm-file-description An ibm file extension is related to the Commodore Amiga computers and used for its graphics data.

ibn-file-extension
ibn-file-description WinIQSIM data
ibn-file-description An ibn file extension is related to the WinIQSIM, a simulation software. An ibn file stores some kind of data.

ibo-file-extension
ibo-file-description IB Objects data
ibo-file-description An ibo file extension is related to the IB Objects for Delphi and C++ Builder.

ibook-file-extension
ibook-file-description iBooks e-book data
ibook-file-description An ibook file extension is related to the iBooks e-book format for storing publications in electronic form.

ibp-file-extension
ibp-file-description IsoBuster managed image information data
ibp-file-description An ibp file extension si related to the ISOBuster, a ISO images management tool for Microsoft Windows. An ibp file stores managed image information.

ibplugin-file-extension
ibplugin-file-description Xcode Interface Builder plug-in file
ibplugin-file-description The ibplugin file extension is related to the Xcode an integrated development tool for OS X. The ibplugin file stores plug-in.

ibq-file-extension
ibq-file-description IsoBuster managed image
ibq-file-description An ibq file extension is related to the IsoBuster, a data recovery software from CD, DVD and Blu-ray optical disks as well as from USB sticks and memory cards. An ibq file stores managed disk image.

ibr-file-extension
ibr-file-description HP Thin Client image
ibr-file-description Files with ibr extension can be most encountered as part of the operating system for HP Thin Client computers.

ibre-file-extension
ibre-file-description IncrediBots replay
ibre-file-description An ibre file extension is related to the puzzle solving computer game called IncrediBots. An ibre file contains replay.

ibro-file-extension
ibro-file-description IncrediBots robot data
ibro-file-description An ibro file extension is related to the IncrediBots, a logic computer games. An ibro file contains robot data.

ibs-file-extension
ibs-file-description i2 iBase data
ibs-file-description An ibs file extension is related to the i2 iBase database software and analysis tool. An ibs file stores some kind of data used by i2 iBase.

ibt-file-extension
ibt-file-description Thief: Deadly Shadows texture and model
ibt-file-description An ibt file extension is related to the Thief: Deadly Shadows texture and model format.

ibv-file-extension
ibv-file-description IGOR Pro binary variable data
ibv-file-description An ibv file extension is related to the IGOR Pro, a scientific software for various platforms. An ibv file contains binary variable data.

ibw-file-extension
ibw-file-description IGOR Pro binary wave data
ibw-file-description An ibw file extension is related to the IGOR Pro data analysis tool. An ibw file contains binary wave data.

ibx-file-extension
ibx-file-description Interscope BlackBox data
ibx-file-description An ibx file extension is related to the Interscope BlackBox data format.

iby-file-extension
iby-file-description Symbian ROM Image Component Include file
iby-file-description Files with iby extension are associated with Symbian OS. They are used as some related files.

ibz-file-extension
ibz-file-description MySQL InnoDB database table compressed backup
ibz-file-description An ibz file extension is related to the MySQL Enterprise Backup a backup solution for on-line backuping of MySQL databases. An ibz file stores InnoDB database table compressed backup.

ib_lic-file-extension
ib_lic-file-description IncrediBuild license
ib_lic-file-description An ib_lic file extension is related to the IncrediBuild software. An ib_lic file stores license information.

ib_mon-file-extension
ib_mon-file-description IncrediBuild data
ib_mon-file-description An ib_mon file extension is related to the IncrediBuild software and used for its data files.

ic-file-extension
ic-file-description SPICE initial condition
ic-file-description An ic file extension is known to be used for one of the setting files in SPICE program.

ic0-file-extension
ic0-file-description HSPICE output data
ic0-file-description An ic0 file extension is related to the HSPICE and used for its output data files.

ic1-file-extension
ic1-file-description Atari bitmap image
ic1-file-description An ic1 file extension is related to the bitmap image format. Popular on Atari ST platform.

ic2-file-extension
ic2-file-description Atari bitmap image file
ic2-file-description Detailed description

ic3-file-extension
ic3-file-description Atari bitmap image file
ic3-file-description Detailed description

ic3d-file-extension
ic3d-file-description IronCAD compose
ic3d-file-description An ic3d file extension is related to the IronCAD and used for its compose files.

ic4-file-extension
ic4-file-description SADiE interchange data
ic4-file-description An ic4 file extension is related to the SADiE. An ic4 file stores interchange data.

ic5-file-extension
ic5-file-description Interactive Image Creator image project
ic5-file-description An ic5 file extension is related to the Interactive Image Creator and used for its image project files.

ic8-file-extension
ic8-file-description Neo Geo BIOS image
ic8-file-description An ic8 file extension is related to the Neo Geo video gaming console, or arcade machine emulators.

ica-file-extension
ica-file-description Citrix ICA configuration
ica-file-description Files with ica extension can be in most cases found as special configurations files in Citrix's Independent Computer Architecture format. Used in Citrix product, for example XenClient.

icalevent-file-extension
icalevent-file-description Apple iCal document
icalevent-file-description An icalevnet file extension is related to the Apple iCal and used for its document files.

icaltodo-file-extension
icaltodo-file-description Apple iCal document file
icaltodo-file-description The *.icaltodo file extension is related to the Apple iCal (Apple Calendar) and used for its document files.

icap-file-extension
icap-file-description Adobe InDesign data
icap-file-description An icap file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign for Mac, a desktop publishing software. An icap file stores some kind of data.

icb-file-extension
icb-file-description Truevision Targa format
icb-file-description Files with icb file extension can be mostly found as Truevision Targa Images. Viewable in most image viewers and editors.

icbu-file-extension
icbu-file-description Apple iCal backup
icbu-file-description Files with icbu file extension can be found as calendar data backups made in Apple iCal/Calendar program.

icc-file-extension
icc-file-description International Color Consortium profile file format
icc-file-description An icc file extension is related to International Standard specified profile format defined by the International Color Consortium (ICC).

icd-file-extension
icd-file-description Dungeon Keeper 2 game data
icd-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe ICD file extension!

ice-file-extension
ice-file-description ICEOWS compressed data
ice-file-description An ice file extension is associated with the ICEOWS, a compression tool. An ice file contains compressed data.

icf-file-extension
icf-file-description Cheyenne AntiVirus data
icf-file-description An icf file extension is related to the Cheyenne AntiVirus software for Microsoft Windows.

icfg-file-extension
icfg-file-description Aristotle interprocedural control flow graph
icfg-file-description An icfg file extension is associated with the Aristotle interprocedural control flow graph format.

icg-file-extension
icg-file-description Image Comparer results file
icg-file-description Files with icg extension are used for Image Comparer utility. They include file database.

ichat-file-extension
ichat-file-description Apple iChat saved history
ichat-file-description An .ichat file extension is related to the Apple iChat saved history files.

ichattransfer-file-extension
ichattransfer-file-description Apple iChat file transfer file
ichattransfer-file-description Detailed description

ici-file-extension
ici-file-description Ampac data
ici-file-description An ici file extension is related to the Ampac and used for its data files.

ick-file-extension
ick-file-description IntelliCAD keyboard shortcut data
ick-file-description An ick file extension is related to the IntelliCAD and used for its keyboard shortcut settings files.

icl-file-extension
icl-file-description Microsoft Windows icon library
icl-file-description An icl file extension is related to the icon library used by Microsoft Windows operating system.

icm-file-extension
icm-file-description Windows Image Color Matching data
icm-file-description An icm file extension is mainly used for saved color system profiles in Windows operating system.

icma-file-extension
icma-file-description Adobe InCopy assignment data
icma-file-description An icma file extension is related to the Adobe InCopy and used for its assignment files.

icml-file-extension
icml-file-description Adobe InCopy document
icml-file-description An icml file extension is related to the Adobe InCopy word processor. An icml file stores document.

icmp-file-extension
icmp-file-description Internet Control Message Protocol
icmp-file-description An icmp file extension is related to the Internet Control Message Protocol files.

icms-file-extension
icms-file-description RagTime Extensions data
icms-file-description An icms file extension is related to the RagTime application for database publishing, graphical design etc.

icmt-file-extension
icmt-file-description Adobe InCopy template
icmt-file-description An icmt file extension is related to the Adobe InCopy word processor. An icmt file contains template.

icn-file-extension
icn-file-description Icon image
icn-file-description An icn file extension is related to the Icon graphic format used to store program or application icons.

icoa-file-extension
icoa-file-description IBM Image Object Content Architecture (IOCA) bitmap graphics file
icoa-file-description Detailed description

iconbox-file-extension
iconbox-file-description IconBox data
iconbox-file-description Files with iconbox extension can be found as part of IconBox program and contain some kind of program data.

iconboxicon-file-extension
iconboxicon-file-description IconBox data
iconboxicon-file-description Files with iconboxicon extension might be found as part of IconBox program.

iconfig-file-extension
iconfig-file-description iConfig executable
iconfig-file-description An iconfig file extension is associated with the iConfig executable format. Probably obsolete file format.

iconpackage-file-extension
iconpackage-file-description Object Desktop IconPackager theme
iconpackage-file-description The iconpackage file extension is related to the Object Desktop IconPackager theme files.

icontainer-file-extension
icontainer-file-description Icon container library
icontainer-file-description An icontainer file extension is associated with the Axialis IconWorkshop. An icontainer file stores icon library.

ico_-file-extension
ico_-file-description Icon file
ico_-file-description Files with ico_ file extension are associated with Windows icon files on Mac computers. It is a graphic data file format.

icp-file-extension
icp-file-description Unix IContact parameter data
icp-file-description An icp file extension is related to the Unix operating system and used for its IContact parameter.

icpr-file-extension
icpr-file-description IconUtils project
icpr-file-description An icpr file extension is related to the IconUtils and used for its project files.

icq-file-extension
icq-file-description ICQ archive
icq-file-description An icq file extension is related to the ICQ instant messaging client for various platforms. An icq file stores archived data.

icr-file-extension
icr-file-description NCSA Telnet Interactive color raster graphic data
icr-file-description An icr file extension is related to the NCSA Telnet Interactive color raster graphic data format.

icspkg-file-extension
icspkg-file-description Intellitools Classroom Suite package
icspkg-file-description An icspkg file extension is related to the Intellitools Classroom Suite package format.

icst-file-extension
icst-file-description Adobe InCopy document preset
icst-file-description An icst file extension is related to the Adobe InCopy and used for its document presets.

ict-file-extension
ict-file-description TIFF and ISO image related data
ict-file-description An ict file extension is related to the TIFF and ISO image related data.

icte-file-extension
icte-file-description Apple Mac internet configuration
icte-file-description An icte file extension is associated with the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) and used for its internet configuration files.

icv-file-extension
icv-file-description 1000 Miglia game data
icv-file-description A ct4 file extension is associated with the 1000 Miglia game data.

icw-file-extension
icw-file-description Microsoft Internet Explorer Internet Connection Wizard data
icw-file-description An icw file extension is related to the Microsoft Internet Explorer Internet Connection Wizard.

icx-file-extension
icx-file-description Remote Call Profiler summary view
icx-file-description Files with icx file extension are associated with Remote Call Profiler, part of Microsoft Windows operating system.

icxs-file-extension
icxs-file-description iTunes data
icxs-file-description An icxs file extension is related to the Apple iTunes, a multimedia management tool for Windows and Mac.

icz-file-extension
icz-file-description Lib2Def output data
icz-file-description An icz file extension is related to the Lib2Def output data format.

ic_-file-extension
ic_-file-description Unknown file extension
ic_-file-description Files with ic_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

id-file-extension
id-file-description IBM Lotus Notes ID data
id-file-description Files with id extension are most related to the IBM Lotus Notes and used for its ID files.

id0-file-extension
id0-file-description Interactive Disassembler database
id0-file-description An id0 file suffix is related to the Interactive Disassembler database format.

id2-file-extension
id2-file-description Microsoft Live Messenger avatar
id2-file-description An id2 file extension is used by the Microsoft Live Messenger for avatar file. Live Messenger avatar file contains avatar picture image and avatar settings.

id3-file-extension
id3-file-description iData 3 data file
id3-file-description Files with id3 extension are used for one of the default file types in the iData application. These files include saved data.

id31-file-extension
id31-file-description Helium Music Manager id3 tags export
id31-file-description An id31 file extension is related to the Helium Music Manager and used for its exported data.

id32-file-extension
id32-file-description Helium Music Manager id3 tags export
id32-file-description An id32 file extension is related to the Helium Music Manager and used for its id3 tags export.

id3tag-file-extension
id3tag-file-description MP3 Skype Recorder temporary data
id3tag-file-description Files with id3tag file extension can be found as temporary files generated with the MP3 Skype Recorder program during MP3 recording session.

id4-file-extension
id4-file-description Infini-D scene
id4-file-description An id4 file extension is related to the Infini-D a 3D rendering software. An id4 file contains scene.

ida-file-extension
ida-file-description Microsoft IIS Server data
ida-file-description An ida file extension is related to the Microsoft Internet Information Services a web server for Microsoft Windows.

idap-file-extension
idap-file-description Adobe InDesign assignment package
idap-file-description An idap file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign, a desktop publishing software. An idap file stores assignment package.

idat-file-extension
idat-file-description Illumina BeadArray data
idat-file-description An idat file extension is related to the Illumina BeadArray data format.

idata-file-extension
idata-file-description iData 2 data
idata-file-description An idata file extension is related to the iData software version 2. An idata file stores some kind of data for iData.

idb-file-extension
idb-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio developer intermediate debug data
idb-file-description Files with idb extension can be most often found as debug files generated by the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development environment for Microsoft Windows.

idb2-file-extension
idb2-file-description InfoStat database
idb2-file-description An idb2 file extension is related to the InfoStat and used for its database files.

idc-file-extension
idc-file-description Internet Database Connector document
idc-file-description An idc file extension is related to the Internet Database Connector used by Microsoft Visual Studio and MySQL.

idd-file-extension
idd-file-description Adobe InDesign for Mac document
idd-file-description Files with idd extension is related to the Adobe InDesign for Mac a desktop publishing software. An idd file stores document created in the InDesign.

ide-file-extension
ide-file-description Borland C++ project
ide-file-description An ide file extension is associated with the Borland C++ and used for its project files.

idea-file-extension
idea-file-description IntelliJ IDEA metadata
idea-file-description Directories with .idea name are used by IntelliJ IDEA and Android Studio to store metadata.

idemo-file-extension
idemo-file-description InstantDemo project
idemo-file-description Files with idemo file extension are projects from InstantDemo screen recording program.

identcache-file-extension
identcache-file-description Delphi temporary cache
identcache-file-description Files with identache extension are used for Delphi programming language as a temporary files.

identifier-file-extension
identifier-file-description Microsoft Windows zone identifier data
identifier-file-description An identifier file extension is related to Microsoft Windows operating system and used for its zone identifier files.

idf-file-extension
idf-file-description InspireData data
idf-file-description An idf file extension is related to the InspireData and used for its data files.

idg-file-extension
idg-file-description Majax settings
idg-file-description An idg file extension is associated with the Majax, an audio player. An idg file contains settings.

idh-file-extension
idh-file-description OpenCBM data
idh-file-description An idh file extension is related to the OpenCBM kernel driver and development library.

idi-file-extension
idi-file-description I-DEAS web access data
idi-file-description Files with idi file extension can be sometimes found as special web access data files for I-DEAS software, originally developed by UGS and now by Siemens AG.

idif-file-extension
idif-file-description Netscape saved address book identification data
idif-file-description An idif file extension is related to the Netscape and used for its saved address book identification data.

idj-file-extension
idj-file-description TEMPPO IDATG Java GUI info data
idj-file-description An idj file extension is related to the TEMPPO IDATG Java GUI info file format.

idk-file-extension
idk-file-description Interface Development Kit data
idk-file-description An idk file extension is related to the Interface Development Kit files.

idl-file-extension
idl-file-description Visual Studio Visual C++ interface definition library
idl-file-description Files with idl file extension can be found mainly as interface definition libraries from Visual Studio.

idle-file-extension
idle-file-description IDle script
idle-file-description An idle file extension is related to the IDle scripting language. The idle file stores source code written in IDle.

idlk-file-extension
idlk-file-description Adobe InDesign lock file
idlk-file-description Files with idlk suffix can be mainly found as so called lock files for Adobe InDesign.

idll-file-extension
idll-file-description CodeWarrior dynamic link library
idll-file-description An idll file extension is related to the CodeWarrior, a development tool. An idll file contains dynamic link library.

idm-file-extension
idm-file-description Ulead Photo Express messages file
idm-file-description Files with idm extension can be found as messages from old Ulead Photo Express photo editor.

idml-file-extension
idml-file-description InDesign Markup Language document
idml-file-description Files with idml extension can be usually found as InDesign documents saved in special InDesign Markup language.

idms-file-extension
idms-file-description Adobe InDesign data
idms-file-description An idms file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign for Mac, a desktop publishing program. An idms file stores data.

idn-file-extension
idn-file-description IBM data
idn-file-description An idn file extension is used for IBM file. It is used to prevent duplication of 32-bit identification number assigned in the Entity Table.

ido-file-extension
ido-file-description iDate Online game data
ido-file-description Files with ido file extension are kindred with the iDate Online video game. They include game data files.

idol-file-extension
idol-file-description IDle object library
idol-file-description An idol file extension is related to the IDle scripting language and used for its object files.

idp-file-extension
idp-file-description IBM Personal Communications interchange document profile
idp-file-description An idp file extension is related to the IBM Personal Communications a terminal emulation software. An idp file contains interchange document profile.

idpk-file-extension
idpk-file-description Adobe InDesign data
idpk-file-description An idpk file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign for Mac and used for its data files.

idpp-file-extension
idpp-file-description Adobe InDesign data
idpp-file-description An idpp file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign for Mac. An idpp file contains data.

idq-file-extension
idq-file-description SQL Structured Query Language query
idq-file-description An idq file extension is related to the SQL Structured Query Language query format. Probably obsolete.

idraw-file-extension
idraw-file-description iDraw vector graphics
idraw-file-description Files with idraw extension can be quite often found as vector graphics files created ans saved using the iDraw software.

idrc-file-extension
idrc-file-description Adobe InDesign resource data
idrc-file-description An idrc file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign and used for its plug-in resource files.

idroo-file-extension
idroo-file-description IDroo data
idroo-file-description An idroo file extension is related to the IDroo an online real-time whiteboard.

idrw-file-extension
idrw-file-description Claris Impact drawing
idrw-file-description An idrw file extension is related to Claris Impact and used for its drawing files.

idrz-file-extension
idrz-file-description Creo View package
idrz-file-description An idrz file extension is related to the Creo View software from PTC. An idrz file stores package.

ids-file-extension
ids-file-description Infinity game engine
ids-file-description Files with ids file extension can be found as part of Infinity game engine from Bioware (Baldur's Gate etc).

idsp-file-extension
idsp-file-description XWE data
idsp-file-description An idsp file extension is related to the XWE a WAD editing tool.

idt-file-extension
idt-file-description Windows Installer exported database table
idt-file-description Files with idt file extension are related to Microsoft Windows Installer. These files are databases that contain data specific for installation purposes.

idu-file-extension
idu-file-description Interleaf Desktop Utility data
idu-file-description An idu file extension is related to the Interleaf Desktop Utility data format.

idv-file-extension
idv-file-description Autodesk Inventor design view tree
idv-file-description An idv file extension is related to the Autodesk Inventor and used for its design view tree.

idvi-file-extension
idvi-file-description XWE data
idvi-file-description An idvi file extension is related to the XWE a WAD editing tool for Windows.

idw-file-extension
idw-file-description Autodesk Inventor drawing
idw-file-description Files with idw extension can be most often found as drawings made using Autodesk Inventor 3D modeling software.

idx0-file-extension
idx0-file-description RuneScape cache index
idx0-file-description An idx0 file extension is related to the RunScape, an MMORPG computer game. An idx0 file stores cache index.

idx255-file-extension
idx255-file-description RuneScape cache index file
idx255-file-description Files with idx255 extension are used by the RuneScape multiplayer online game.

idx_dll-file-extension
idx_dll-file-description Microsoft Office IDX_DLL file
idx_dll-file-description Files with idx_dll extension are used for Microsoft Office.

idy-file-extension
idy-file-description Micro Focus Studio Enterprise Edition data
idy-file-description An idy file extension is related to the Micro Focus Studio Enterprise Edition. An idy file contains data.

idz-file-extension
idz-file-description I-DEAS web access file
idz-file-description Files with idz extension are used for the I-DEAS set of tools developed by Siemens. They contain various data.

ie-file-extension
ie-file-description MyEclipse image
ie-file-description An ie file extension is related to the MyEclipse development tool for various platforms. An ie file stores image.

ie3-file-extension
ie3-file-description Internet Explorer 3 file
ie3-file-description Files with ie3 extension are used by the Microsoft Internet Explorer v3. They contain some various data used for internal purposes of the program.

iebarzip-file-extension
iebarzip-file-description Explorer Bar icon pack
iebarzip-file-description Files with IEBARZIP extension can be found as some sort of ZIP compressed icon archive for Windows XP Explorer.

iec-file-extension
iec-file-description Microsoft HTML Converter data
iec-file-description Files with iec file suffix are related to the Microsoft HTML Converter, a part of old versions of Internet Explorer.

ief-file-extension
ief-file-description Bitmap Image Exchange file
ief-file-description Files with ief suffix may occasionally be found as some old graphics files saved in Bitmap Image Exchange format.

iefs-file-extension
iefs-file-description Bitmap Image Exchange file
iefs-file-description Detailed description

iei-file-extension
iei-file-description Image Eye thumbnail cache
iei-file-description An iei file extension is related to the Image Eye by FMJ-Software. An iei file contains thumbnail cache.

iel-file-extension
iel-file-description particleIllusion SE emitter library
iel-file-description An iel file extension is associated with the particleIllusion SE emitter library format.

iem-file-extension
iem-file-description Informix error message
iem-file-description An iem file extension is related to the Informix database software. An .iem file contains error message.

ienv-file-extension
ienv-file-description iData 3 envelope template file
ienv-file-description Detailed description

ies-file-extension
ies-file-description IESNA photometric data file
ies-file-description Files with ies extension are special photometric data files saved in a format developed by IESNA (Illumination Engineering Society of North America).

ietabmulti-file-extension
ietabmulti-file-description Unknown file extension
ietabmulti-file-description Files with ietabmulti file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

iex-file-extension
iex-file-description The Tuttles Madcap Misadventures game data
iex-file-description Files with iex file extension are used for a computer game The Tuttles Madcap Misadventures.

ie_-file-extension
ie_-file-description Unknown file extension
ie_-file-description Files with ie_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

if-file-extension
if-file-description IFwin project
if-file-description Files with if file extension can be found as older projects from the IFwin engineering software.

if2-file-extension
if2-file-description Dell driver
if2-file-description Files with if2 extension can be found as some kind of Dell drivers meant for Windows run computers.

if9-file-extension
if9-file-description Pixel Power Collage image file
if9-file-description Detailed description

if90-file-extension
if90-file-description Programmer's Notepad data
if90-file-description An if90 file extension is associated with the Programmer's Notepad and used for its data files.

ifaith-file-extension
ifaith-file-description iFaith file
ifaith-file-description Detailed description

ifb-file-extension
ifb-file-description Oracle Siebel interface configuration
ifb-file-description An ifb file extension is related to the Oracle Siebel interface configuration file format.

ifc-file-extension
ifc-file-description Industry Foundation Classes data
ifc-file-description An ifc file extension is related to the Industry Foundation Classes format used to describe construction data. An ifc file stores model.

ifcxml-file-extension
ifcxml-file-description Industry Foundation Classes XML file
ifcxml-file-description Files with ifcxml suffix are BIM data files saved in Industry Foundation Classes XML format.

ifczip-file-extension
ifczip-file-description Industry Foundation Classes ZIP data
ifczip-file-description Files with ifczip file extension can be found as special BIM Industry Foundation Classes archives, mainly used in Tekla software.

ifd-file-extension
ifd-file-description Adobe output designer form (Jet Form design form)
ifd-file-description An ifd file extension is related to the Adobe Output Designer Form (Jet Form Design Form) file format.

iff-file-extension
iff-file-description Autodesk Maya image interchange format
iff-file-description Files with iff file extension might be found as images in Autodesk Maya Image Interchange format. Special bitmap image file type.

ifg-file-extension
ifg-file-description Samsung mobile phone theme graphic
ifg-file-description An ifg file extension is related to the Samsung mobile phone theme graphic file format.

ifl-file-extension
ifl-file-description 3D Studio Max animation file list control
ifl-file-description An ifl file extension is related to the 3D Studio Max and used for its animation file list control files.

iflv-file-extension
iflv-file-description InfoLevin database
iflv-file-description An iflv file extension is related to the InfoLevin and used for its database files.

ifm-file-extension
ifm-file-description Brighterion iPrevent fraud model
ifm-file-description Files with ifm file extension can be found as fraud model files from Brighterion iPrevent software.

ifn-file-extension
ifn-file-description IGOR Pro formatted notebook
ifn-file-description An ifn file extension is related to the IGOR Pro scientific software and used for its formatted notebook files.

ifol-file-extension
ifol-file-description Instant File Opener data
ifol-file-description Files with ifol file extension are related to the Instant File Opener data format.

ifos-file-extension
ifos-file-description Instant File Opener script
ifos-file-description Files with ifos file extension are associated with the Instant File Opener scripts.

ifp-file-extension
ifp-file-description Grand Theft Auto animation
ifp-file-description Files with ifp suffix are often found as part of Grand Theft Auto computer games. Contains game animation.

ifr-file-extension
ifr-file-description Formula One 2001 game data
ifr-file-description An ifr file extension is related to the Formula One 2001. An ifr file stores game data.

ifs-file-extension
ifs-file-description InfoSlips secure information package
ifs-file-description An ifs file extension is associated with the InfoSlips electronic payment system. An ifs file stores secure information.

ift-file-extension
ift-file-description Canon settings data
ift-file-description Files with ift extension can be found as some sort of settings file for Canon printer software.

ifu-file-extension
ifu-file-description All Image disk image
ifu-file-description An ifu file extension is related to the All Image program. An ifu file stores disk image.

ifuckedyou-file-extension
ifuckedyou-file-description SerbRansom ransomware affected file
ifuckedyou-file-description Files with ifuckedyou suffix are typically found as files that have been encrypted and had their suffix renamed by SerbRansom ransomware.

ifv-file-extension
ifv-file-description Fuho 16CH Standalone DVR video backup
ifv-file-description An ifv file extension is related to the Fuho 16CH Standalone DVR recorder. An ifv file stores backup of video data recorded by Fuho 16CH DVR.

ifw-file-extension
ifw-file-description INTUS firmware file
ifw-file-description Files with ifw extension are used by the INTUS electronic teminals developed by PCS SYSTEMTECHNIK GMBH.

ifx-file-extension
ifx-file-description Rational XDE data
ifx-file-description An ifx file extension is related to the Rational XDE data format.

ifz-file-extension
ifz-file-description All Image compressed image
ifz-file-description Files with ifz file extension are in most cases compressed disk images made using the All Image backup tool.

ig-file-extension
ig-file-description Modula-3 generic interface source
ig-file-description Files with ig file extension are related to the Modula-3 generic interface sources.

ig2-file-extension
ig2-file-description IGES CAD data
ig2-file-description Files with ig2 file extension can be found as IGES CAD files. ASCII based 3D format.

iga-file-extension
iga-file-description CARIS GIS corner georeferencing coordinate data
iga-file-description An iga file extension is related to the CARIS GIS Professional tool. An iga file contains corner georeferencing coordinates.

igb-file-extension
igb-file-description Google Earth model
igb-file-description An igb file extension is related to the Google Earth, a GIS software from Google. An igb file stores model.

igc-file-extension
igc-file-description Anime List Builder input data
igc-file-description An igc file extension is related to the Anime List Builder and used for its input data.

igd-file-extension
igd-file-description Xbox 360 Controller for Windows configuration data
igd-file-description Files with igd file extension are related to the Xbox 360 controller for Microsoft Windows. An igd file contains configuration data.

ige-file-extension
ige-file-description Erdas Imagine large raster spill data
ige-file-description Files with ige extension can be mainly found as special raster images with geospatial data created using the ERDAS IMAGINE.

iges-file-extension
iges-file-description IGES 3D exchange format
iges-file-description Files with igs extension can be typically found as 3D graphics data saved in International Graphics Exchange Standard (IGES) format used for data exchange.

igf-file-extension
igf-file-description Intercept Geometry data
igf-file-description An igf file extension is associated with the Intercept Geometry data format.

igg-file-extension
igg-file-description SuiteProfiler color map
igg-file-description Files with igg file extension can be generally found as saved color map profiles made in SuiterProfiler utility for Mac OS X (macOS).

igi-file-extension
igi-file-description Indigo Renderer picture image file
igi-file-description Files with igi extension are used by Indigo Renderer and they are convertable.

igj-file-extension
igj-file-description iGrafx Process published web content
igj-file-description An igj file extension is associated with the iGrafx Process software. An igj file contains published web content format.

igl-file-extension
igl-file-description IGOR saved game
igl-file-description An igl file extension is related to the IGOR video game. An igl file stores saved game.

igm-file-extension
igm-file-description inSORS IG Client meeting file
igm-file-description Files with igm extension are used for inSORS applications.

igma-file-extension
igma-file-description INTUS graphics user interface file
igma-file-description Detailed description

ign-file-extension
ign-file-description ICQ ignore list
ign-file-description An ign file extension is related to the ICQ, an instant messaging app for various operating systems and platforms.

ignore-file-extension
ignore-file-description Ignored data
ignore-file-description An ignore file extension is related to various apps and used for ignored files.

igo-file-extension
igo-file-description Instagram JPEG picture image
igo-file-description An igo file extension is related to the Instagram digital photo editing tool and social network. An igo file stores digital photo in JPEG picture image file format.

igp-file-extension
igp-file-description Igor player data
igp-file-description An igp file extension is related to the IGOR -  The Time Machine computer game. An igp file contains player data.

igr-file-extension
igr-file-description SmartSketch drawing design
igr-file-description Files with the igr file extension can be mainly found as drawing design made using the SmartSketch software.

igs-file-extension
igs-file-description IGES 3D exchange format
igs-file-description An igs file extension can be found as 3D graphics data saved in International Graphics Exchange Standard (IGES) format used for data exchange.

igt-file-extension
igt-file-description ImageGadget template
igt-file-description Files with igt file extension are related to the ImageGadget template format.

igtheme-file-extension
igtheme-file-description ImageGlass theme
igtheme-file-description An igtheme file extension is related to the ImageGlass and used for its theme files.

igtx-file-extension
igtx-file-description IGOR Pro text document
igtx-file-description Files with igtx file suffix are associated with the IGOR Pro text document format.

igv-file-extension
igv-file-description Integrative Genomics Viewer data
igv-file-description An igv file extension is related to the Integrative Genomics Viewer software. An igv file stores data.

igw-file-extension
igw-file-description IGW data
igw-file-description An igw file extension is related to the Interactive Groundwater Modeling (IGW) software for Windows.

igx-file-extension
igx-file-description iGrafX FlowCharter flow chart or process model
igx-file-description Files with igx extension can generally be found as older flow charts from iGrafX FlowCharter.

igy-file-extension
igy-file-description Microsoft Excel web query data
igy-file-description Files with igy extension are mainly related to the web query file format used by Microsoft Excel for Windows and Mac.

igz-file-extension
igz-file-description Gzipped image file
igz-file-description Files with igz suffix can be in most cases encountered as Gzip compressed images.

iha-file-extension
iha-file-description GE Historian archive
iha-file-description Files with iha extension can be found as part of GE Historian platform developed by General Electric Company.

ihc-file-extension
ihc-file-description Proficy Historian data
ihc-file-description Files with ihc file extension might be found as part of Proficy Historian software from GE.

ihe-file-extension
ihe-file-description Interlace Hires Editor picture image
ihe-file-description Files with the ihe file extension are commonly used by Interlace Hires Editor picture image format.

ihex-file-extension
ihex-file-description Intel HEX Format code
ihex-file-description An ihex file extension is related to the Intel HEX Format. An ihex file contains machine language code in hexadecimal form.

ihf-file-extension
ihf-file-description IGOR Pro help data
ihf-file-description An ihf file extension is related to the IGOR Pro scientific software and used for its help files.

ihp-file-extension
ihp-file-description Watcom help data
ihp-file-description An ihp file extension is related to the Watcom C compiler. An ihp file stores help document.

ihs-file-extension
ihs-file-description Bink inbound history file
ihs-file-description Files with ihs extension are used for the Bink software.

ihtml-file-extension
ihtml-file-description Inline HyperText Markup Language document
ihtml-file-description An ihtml file extension is related to the a very powerful server side scripting language for the Internet.

ihw-file-extension
ihw-file-description IN-HEH Timeline workspace
ihw-file-description An ihw file extension is associated with the IN-HEH Timeline workspace format.

ihx-file-extension
ihx-file-description IN-HEH Timeline database
ihx-file-description An ihx file extension is related to the IN-HEH Timeline database format.

ii-file-extension
ii-file-description Preprocessed C++ source code
ii-file-description An ii file extension is related to the preprocessed C++ source code format.

iic-file-extension
iic-file-description Cypress FX2 I2C firmware data
iic-file-description An iic file extension is related to the Cypress FX2 I2C firmware data.

iid-file-extension
iid-file-description iInstaller idirectory
iid-file-description An iid file extension is related to the iInstaller idirectory format.

iie-file-extension
iie-file-description SimIIe emulator data
iie-file-description An iie file extension is related to the SimSystem IIe emulator for OS X (macOS). An iie file contains data.

iif-file-extension
iif-file-description QuickBooks interchange format
iif-file-description Files with iif extension can be mainly found as financial data files in QuickBooks interchange format.

iii-file-extension
iii-file-description Know Your Stuff data
iii-file-description An iii file extension is related to the Know Your Stuff Home Inventory on-line app.

iil-file-extension
iil-file-description Norton CleanSweep installation log
iil-file-description An iil file extension is related to the Norton CleanSweep and used for its installation log files.

iim-file-extension
iim-file-description iOpus Internet macro
iim-file-description An iim file extension is related to the iOpus iMacros software for Microsoft Windows operating system. An imm file stores macro.

iimg-file-extension
iimg-file-description Interleaf image format
iimg-file-description An iimg file extension is related to the Interleaf image format.

iip-file-extension
iip-file-description ThinAnywhere configuration
iip-file-description An iip file extension is related to the ThinAnywhere and used for its configuration data.

iiq-file-extension
iiq-file-description Phase One RAW image
iiq-file-description Files with  iiq file extension may be found as digital RAW images recorded using the Phase One and some Hasselblad digital cameras.

iis-file-extension
iis-file-description PHOTOfunSTUDIO HD video data
iis-file-description An iis file extension is related to the PHOTOfunSTUDIO HD software. An iis file stores video data.

iit-file-extension
iit-file-description Install Creator settings
iit-file-description An iit file extension is related to the Install Creator program. An iit file stores settings.

iix-file-extension
iix-file-description SDL Trados Studio translation memory index
iix-file-description An iix file extension is related to the SDL Trados Studio translation memory index format.

ijc-file-extension
ijc-file-description Java Card applet
ijc-file-description Files with ijc file extension can be found as applets created using Java Card runtime environment and development tool for making embedded apps.

ijs-file-extension
ijs-file-description J Interpretor script
ijs-file-description An ijs file extension is related to the J programming language. An ijs file contains script.

ik-file-extension
ik-file-description Ioke script
ik-file-description Files with ik file suffix are related to the Ioke script format. Ioke is a dynamic language targeted at the Java Virtual Machine.

ikf-file-extension
ikf-file-description INTUS keyboard settings file
ikf-file-description Files with ikf extension are used by the INUTS terminals. They include settings data for the terminal touchscreens.

iklax-file-extension
iklax-file-description AirParrot media data
iklax-file-description An iklax file extension is related to the AirParrot media data format.

ikm-file-extension
ikm-file-description XWE data
ikm-file-description An ikm file extension is related to the eXtendable Wad Editor and used for its data files.

ikmp-file-extension
ikmp-file-description SampleTank preset
ikmp-file-description An ikmp file extension is related to the SampleTank audio workstation. An ikmp file contains audio preset.

iko-file-extension
iko-file-description Windows Icon resource data
iko-file-description An iko file extension is related to the Windows Icon format. Probably obsolete format.

iks-file-extension
iks-file-description Microsoft InkSeine document file
iks-file-description Files with iks etension are used by the InkSeine program. They include some saved document data.

ikt-file-extension
ikt-file-description MagicMaps IK3D project
ikt-file-description Files with ikt file extension can be found as GIS projects with waypoint data from German MagicMaps IK3D program.

ikx-file-extension
ikx-file-description iKlax Creator audio
ikx-file-description An ikx file extension is related to the iKlax Creator audio file format.

il-file-extension
il-file-description Fortran 90 inline expansion data
il-file-description Files with il file extension are mainly related to Fortran 90 programming language and used for one of its files.

il3-file-extension
il3-file-description particleIllusion 3 emitter library
il3-file-description An il3 file extension is related to the particleIllusion version 3, a video editing program. An il3 file contains emitter library.

ila-file-extension
ila-file-description LohnViewer document
ila-file-description Files with ila extension might be mostly found as documents from German program called LohnViewer.

ilabel-file-extension
ilabel-file-description iData 3 template label file
ilabel-file-description Detailed description

ilb-file-extension
ilb-file-description Scream Tracker data
ilb-file-description An ilb file extension is related to the Scream Tracker, a music composing program. An ilb file contains data.

ilbm-file-extension
ilbm-file-description Interleaved bitmap
ilbm-file-description An ilbm file extension is related to the Interleaved bitmap file used by Deluxe Paint software.

ilc-file-extension
ilc-file-description Atari picture image
ilc-file-description An ilc file extension is associated with the Atari 400, 800, 130, 65 XE and XL computers. An ilc file stores picture image.

ild-file-extension
ild-file-description XWE data
ild-file-description Files with ild file extension are related to the XWE (eXtendable Wad Editor) editing tool for Microsoft Windows.

ilda-file-extension
ilda-file-description International Laser Display Association image data transfer format
ilda-file-description An ilda file extension is related to the International Laser Display Association image data transfer format.

ildoc-file-extension
ildoc-file-description BroadVision QuickSilver document
ildoc-file-description Files with ildoc file extension can be usually found as documents that originate from BroadVision QuickSilver.

ilf-file-extension
ilf-file-description Alim file
ilf-file-description Files with ilf extension are used by Alim application.

ilg-file-extension
ilg-file-description MakeIndex error log
ilg-file-description An ilg file extension is associated with the MakeIndex and used for its error log files.

ilht-file-extension
ilht-file-description Safari Internet location file
ilht-file-description Detailed description

ilib-file-extension
ilib-file-description ClarisDraw Art library file
ilib-file-description Detailed description

ilj-file-extension
ilj-file-description honestech VHS to DVD project
ilj-file-description An ilj file extension is related to the honestech VHS to DVD application and used for its data files.

ilk-file-extension
ilk-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Linker input file
ilk-file-description Files with ilk extension are used by the Microsoft Visual Studio. These files are known as link files.

ill-file-extension
ill-file-description Illust Logic Puzzle data
ill-file-description Files with ill file extension might be found as Illust Logic Puzzle data files. ASCII format.

ilm-file-extension
ilm-file-description Opus Creator multimedia data
ilm-file-description An ilm file extension is related to the Opus Creator and used for its multimedia files.

ilock-file-extension
ilock-file-description iData data
ilock-file-description An ilock file extension is related to the iData and used for its data files.

ilp-file-extension
ilp-file-description Gurobi Optimizer temporary data
ilp-file-description An ilp file extension is related to the Gurobi Optimizer and used for its temporary files.

ilr-file-extension
ilr-file-description Unity 3D license request
ilr-file-description An ilr file extension is related to the Unity 3D video gaming engine. An ilr file stores license request data.

ils-file-extension
ils-file-description Internet Security and Acceleration Server summary
ils-file-description Files with ils extension are used for Internet Security and Acceleration Server.

ilt-file-extension
ilt-file-description SpectrILight III saved spectrum binary data
ilt-file-description Files with ilt file extension can be found as saved light spectrum binary files recorded using SpectrLight III spectroradiometer.

ilv-file-extension
ilv-file-description ILOG data
ilv-file-description An ilv file extension is related to the ILOG developed by IBM and used for its data files.

ilx-file-extension
ilx-file-description Interlex vocabulary data
ilx-file-description An ilx file extension is related to the Interlex software. An ilx file stores vocabulary data.

im-file-extension
im-file-description SunOS grey scale bitmap picture
im-file-description Files with im file extension can be mostly found as special grey scale files from SunOS operating system and other apps.

im1-file-extension
im1-file-description Sun raster image
im1-file-description Files with im1 extension were used by Sun Microsystems UNIX platforms OS. They were used as a bitmap image file format.

im24-file-extension
im24-file-description Bitmap graphic file
im24-file-description The IM24 file extension is related to the bitmap graphic file format developed by Sun Microsystems.

im32-file-extension
im32-file-description Sun 32bit raster file
im32-file-description Detailed description

im4p-file-extension
im4p-file-description Apple iOS IMG4 payload data
im4p-file-description An im4p file extension is related to the Apple iOS IMG4 payload data format.

im5-file-extension
im5-file-description Visilog image
im5-file-description An im5 file extension is related to the bitmap image format created or used by Visilog.

im7-file-extension
im7-file-description DaVis graphics
im7-file-description Files with im7 file extension can be found as graphics files saved in DaVis format for intelligent imaging.

im8-file-extension
im8-file-description Sun Raster Graphic picture image
im8-file-description An im8 file extension is related to the Sun Raster Graphic file format.

ima-file-extension
ima-file-description Generic disk image
ima-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe IMA file extension!

ima4-file-extension
ima4-file-description Apple QuickTime IMA4 encoded audio
ima4-file-description Files with ima4 file extension can be found as audio files in Apple QuickTime IMA4 encoded audio format.

image-file-extension
image-file-description ShrinkWrap disk image
image-file-description Files with image file extension may primarily be found as disk images created using the ShrinkWrap OS X (macOS) utility.

imageportfoliolibrary-file-extension
imageportfoliolibrary-file-description Corel Painter image portfolio
imageportfoliolibrary-file-description An imageportfoliolibrary file extension is associated with the Corel Painter, a raster graphics editor for Mac and Windows.

images2pdf-file-extension
images2pdf-file-description Images2PDF project
images2pdf-file-description Files with images2pdf file extension can be found as projects from Images2PDF software. Used to save work in progress.

image_last_thumb-file-extension
image_last_thumb-file-description Google Android thumbnail data
image_last_thumb-file-description The image_last_thumb file extension is related to the Google Android and used for its thumbnail files.

image_tmobusa_red_v1-file-extension
image_tmobusa_red_v1-file-description Nokia 5130 XpressMusic flash data
image_tmobusa_red_v1-file-description An image_tmobusa_red_v1 file extension is related to the firmware image files for Nokia 5130 XpressMusic phone.

imap-file-extension
imap-file-description Merak Mail Server Internet Message Access Protocol data
imap-file-description Files with imap file extension is related to the Merak Mail Server Internet Message Access Protocol file format.

imapmbox-file-extension
imapmbox-file-description Apple Mail file
imapmbox-file-description Detailed description

imb-file-extension
imb-file-description IncredMail address book and temporary contacts data
imb-file-description An imb file extension is related to the IncredMail address book and temporary contacts data format.

imc-file-extension
imc-file-description LucasArts game sound data
imc-file-description File with imc file extension are most likely game audio files from Star Wars games produced by LucasArts.

imd-file-extension
imd-file-description Caseware IDEA data
imd-file-description Files with imd extension can be mainly found as data files from Caseware IDEA auditing software for manipulating with data.

ime-file-extension
ime-file-description iMelody ringtone
ime-file-description An ime file extension is associated with the iMelody software used by some phones from Ericsson, Alcatel, Motorola and Siemens. An ime file stores ringtone.

imei-file-extension
imei-file-description Unknown file
imei-file-description Files with imei file extension are associated with International Mobile Station Equipment Identify program.

imelody-file-extension
imelody-file-description iMelody mobile phone ring-tone format
imelody-file-description An imelody file extension is related to the iMelody, a ringtone exchange object format. An imelody file stores audio data.

imesx-file-extension
imesx-file-description Microsoft Office IME Search provider definition file
imesx-file-description Files with imesx extension are used by the Microsoft Office IME Search. They include some provider definition information.

imf-file-extension
imf-file-description Apogee IMF audio file format
imf-file-description Files with imf file extension can be mainly found as audio files from games made by id Software like Commander Keen etc.

img3-file-extension
img3-file-description Apple iOS Img3 encrypted or signed container
img3-file-description An img3 file extension is related to the Apple iOS operating system for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. An img3 file stores  encrypted and signed used for actualize iOS system.

imga-file-extension
imga-file-description Marathon 2 Aleph One image file
imga-file-description Detailed description

imgb-file-extension
imgb-file-description Final Fantasy XII model
imgb-file-description An imgb file extension is related to the Final Fantasy XII video game and used for its model files.

imgcache-file-extension
imgcache-file-description Compressed picture cache
imgcache-file-description Files with imgcache extension can be mostly found on Google Android based phones for some sort of caching purposes. Probably generated by some apps.

imgpart-file-extension
imgpart-file-description Apple Mac NDIF split image file
imgpart-file-description Detailed description

imh-file-extension
imh-file-description IRAF image format header file
imh-file-description Files with imh extension are used by the IRAF software.

imi-file-extension
imi-file-description Magellan GPS navigation map
imi-file-description Files with imi file extension can be usually encountered as GPS maps for Magellan navigation devices and applications.

imj-file-extension
imj-file-description Pegasus Image Corp format bitmap graphics file
imj-file-description Files with imj extension are used by Pegasus Image Corp bitmap image format. They are similar to jfif file format.

imk-file-extension
imk-file-description IncrediMail license
imk-file-description Files with imk file extension are used for IncrediMail email client.

iml-file-extension
iml-file-description ACT! internet mail message
iml-file-description Files with iml file extension are related to the ACT! internet mail message format.

imm-file-extension
imm-file-description IncrediMail deleted email messages list
imm-file-description An imm file extension is related to the IncrediMail, an e-mail client for Microsoft Windows developed by Perion Network. An imm file contains deleted email messages list.

imn-file-extension
imn-file-description IncrediMail notify file
imn-file-description Files with imn extension are used by IncrediMail utility. They contain some notify data.

imo-file-extension
imo-file-description iMON Manager settings
imo-file-description An imo file extension is related to the iMON Manager and used for its settings files.

imotion-file-extension
imotion-file-description iClone motion capture file
imotion-file-description Files with imotion extension are used for the iClone application. Files include saved data.

imovieevent-file-extension
imovieevent-file-description iMovie library related data
imovieevent-file-description Files with imovieevent file extension can be found as data related to video library of Apple iMovie digital video editing software.

imovielibrary-file-extension
imovielibrary-file-description iMovie event library
imovielibrary-file-description Files with imovielibrary file extension can be found as one of the main and crucial files of Apple iMovie video editing software. Used to store all events and project related data.

imoviemobile-file-extension
imoviemobile-file-description iMovie project package
imoviemobile-file-description Files with the imoviemobile file extension can be typically found as projects made using iMovie video editing application from Apple.

imovieproj-file-extension
imovieproj-file-description iMovie project
imovieproj-file-description Files with imovieproj file extension can be usually found as projects created and saved in latest versions of iMovie OS X (macOS) app.

imovieproject-file-extension
imovieproject-file-description iMovie project
imovieproject-file-description Files with imovieproject file extension can be found as projects created and saved in older versions of iMovie program. Replaced by imovieproj suffix.

imovieteams-file-extension
imovieteams-file-description Apple iMovie data
imovieteams-file-description An imovieteams file extension is related to the Apple iMovie software for Apple Mac and iOS. An imovieteams file contains data.

imovietrailer-file-extension
imovietrailer-file-description Apple iMovie video data
imovietrailer-file-description An imovietrailer file extension is related to the Apple iMovie a video editing tool. An imovietrailer file contains video data.

imp-file-extension
imp-file-description FileMaker Pro import data filter
imp-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe IMP file extension!

imported-file-extension
imported-file-description uTorrent torrent file
imported-file-description The .imported file extension is related to the uTorrent a BitTorrent network client.

imq-file-extension
imq-file-description NASA planetary image file
imq-file-description Files with imq extension are associated with compressed PDS file format.

imr-file-extension
imr-file-description IBM Cognos Impromptu report
imr-file-description Files with imr suffix can be most often encountered as reports  generated in IBM Cognos Improptu report authoring software.

ims-file-extension
ims-file-description Star Wars: Rebel Assault game data
ims-file-description An ims file extension is related to the Star Wars: Rebel Assault computer game and used for its game files.

imscc-file-extension
imscc-file-description Canvas exported course
imscc-file-description Files with imscc extension are courses exported from Canvas by Instructure company.

imsp-file-extension
imsp-file-description Survey Designer survey file
imsp-file-description Files with imsp extension are used by the iMagic Survey Designer program. They include surveys created and saved in the application.

imt-file-extension
imt-file-description IMNET Graphics image
imt-file-description Files with imt file extension can be found as old images in IMNET graphic format.

imtx-file-extension
imtx-file-description iMindMap template
imtx-file-description An imtx file extension is related to the iMindMap and used for its template files.

imu-file-extension
imu-file-description Star Wars Force Commander audio file
imu-file-description Files with imu extension are used for Star Wars: Force Commander computer game. They contain audio data.

imv-file-extension
imv-file-description ImageMixer VCD project
imv-file-description An imv file extension is related to the ImageMixer VCD and used for its project files.

imw-file-extension
imw-file-description Imageware Surfacer 3D CAD surface geometry file
imw-file-description Files with imw extension are used for Imageware Surface. They include some graphics data.

imx-file-extension
imx-file-description DaVis image
imx-file-description Files with imx extension are pictures from DaVis a visualization software from LaVision.

imy-file-extension
imy-file-description iMelody mobile phone ring-tone
imy-file-description Files with imy file extension can be found as mobile phone ring-tons in iMelody format, Used mainly in old Sony Ericsson devices.

imz-file-extension
imz-file-description Floppy Image compressed image
imz-file-description An imz file extension is related to Floppy Image application that allows users to create compressed floppy disk images. An imz file stores compressed image.

im_-file-extension
im_-file-description Unknown file extension
im_-file-description Files with im_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

in-file-extension
in-file-description McAfee antivirus file
in-file-description Files with in extension are used by McAfee antivirus. They include many data for internal purposes.

in0-file-extension
in0-file-description INI file backup
in0-file-description An in0 file extension is related to the backup of INI files.

in1-file-extension
in1-file-description INI file backup
in1-file-description An in1 file extension is used for backup of INI settings files.

in2-file-extension
in2-file-description InocuLAN AntiVirus renamed data
in2-file-description An in2 file extension is related to the InocuLAN AntiVirus software for NetWare and Windows NT.

in3-file-extension
in3-file-description Harvard Graphics input device driver
in3-file-description An in3 file extension is related to the Harvard Graphics and used for its input device drivers.

in4-file-extension
in4-file-description InfoBlaster IN4 registry file
in4-file-description Files witn in4 extension are used for InfoBlaster IN4 program. They contain registry libraries data.

in7-file-extension
in7-file-description Ox data
in7-file-description An in7 fie extension is related to the Ox, an object-oriented statistical system and used for its data files.

ina-file-extension
ina-file-description MS-DOS data
ina-file-description An ina file extension is related to the MS-DOS operating system. An ina file contains data.

inb-file-extension
inb-file-description Motorola MMS message
inb-file-description An inb file extension is related to saved MMS files in some older Motorola phones.

inc-file-extension
inc-file-description HTML server side include data
inc-file-description Files with inc extension is associated with the HTML server side Include files - PHP scripting language (part of PHP script file, generated webpage) and Microsoft Active Server Page (ASP).

inca-file-extension
inca-file-description Adobe InDesign file
inca-file-description Files with inca extension are used by the Adobe InDesign program. They store some various data used for internal purposes.

incaballsavedgame-file-extension
incaballsavedgame-file-description Inca Ball saved game
incaballsavedgame-file-description An incaballsavedgame file extension is related to the Inca Ball computer game.

incaquestsavedgame-file-extension
incaquestsavedgame-file-description Inca Quest saved game
incaquestsavedgame-file-description The incaquestsavedgame file extension is related to the Inca Quest saved game files.

incd-file-extension
incd-file-description Adobe InDesign for Mac data
incd-file-description An incd file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign, a desktop publishing program. An incd file contains data.

incdsendto-file-extension
incdsendto-file-description Unknown file extension
incdsendto-file-description Files with incdsendto file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

incl-file-extension
incl-file-description Unknown file extension
incl-file-description Files with incl file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

incp-file-extension
incp-file-description Adobe InCopy CS3 package
incp-file-description An incp file extension is associated with the Adobe InCopy software. An incp file contains document package.

inct-file-extension
inct-file-description Adobe InCopy template file
inct-file-description Detailed description

incx-file-extension
incx-file-description Adobe InDesign file
incx-file-description Files with incx extension are used by the Adobe InDesign program. They include some kind of various data used for internal purposes.

indb-file-extension
indb-file-description Adobe InDesign publication
indb-file-description Files with indb suffix can be mainly found as special, rich printed documents or other publications created in Adobe InDesign print layout design software.

indesignplugin-file-extension
indesignplugin-file-description Adobe InDesign plugin
indesignplugin-file-description An indesignplugin file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign software. An indesignplugin file stores plugin.

index-file-extension
index-file-description Eclipse help index file
index-file-description Files with index file extension might be mostly found as keyword indexes from Eclipse development environment.

indexarrays-file-extension
indexarrays-file-description Mac Spotlight data
indexarrays-file-description Files with IndexArrays file extension can be found on USB flash drives connected to Mac computer and indexed by Spotlight service.

indexcompactdirectory-file-extension
indexcompactdirectory-file-description macOS (OS X) spotlight data
indexcompactdirectory-file-description An indexCompactDirectory file extension is related to the Spotlight, an indexing tool included in macOS (OS X). An indexCompactDirectory file contains some kind of data.

indexdirectory-file-extension
indexdirectory-file-description macOS (OS X) Spotlight data
indexdirectory-file-description Files with indexdirectory file extension can be found as temporary files generated by Mac OS X Spotlight indexing function.

indexpositions-file-extension
indexpositions-file-description macOS (OS X) Spotlight data
indexpositions-file-description Files with indexposition file extension may be often found on USB disks plugged in OS X (macOS) computers. An .indexpositions is temporary file generated by Spotlight.

indexpositiontable-file-extension
indexpositiontable-file-description macOS (OS X) Spotlight data
indexpositiontable-file-description Files with indexpositiontable file extension might be found as generated by Spotlight on Mac computers.

indk-file-extension
indk-file-description Adobe InDesign data
indk-file-description An indk file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign, a desktop publishing program. An indk file stores data from InDesgin for Mac.

indl-file-extension
indl-file-description Adobe InDesign object library
indl-file-description An indl file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign, a desktop publishing software and used for its object library files.

indn-file-extension
indn-file-description Adobe Indesign for Mac file
indn-file-description Detailed description

indp-file-extension
indp-file-description Adobe InDesign package file
indp-file-description Files with indp extension are associated with Adobe InDesign program. They store some document changes.

inds-file-extension
inds-file-description Adobe InDesign data
inds-file-description An inds file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign and used for its data files. Mac file type.

indt-file-extension
indt-file-description Adobe InDesign template
indt-file-description Files with indt extension is related to the Adobe InDesign a desktop publishing software. An indt file contains template for InDesign documents.

indx-file-extension
indx-file-description Microsoft Mail index file
indx-file-description Files with indx extension are used by the Microsoft Mail electronic mailing server. They include indexed data.

inetloc-file-extension
inetloc-file-description Apple Finder internet location
inetloc-file-description An inetloc file extension is related to the Apple Finder. An inetloc file stores internet location.

infini-d-file-extension
infini-d-file-description Infini-D 3.0 format
infini-d-file-description An infini-d file extension is related to the Infini-D 3.0 format.

info-file-extension
info-file-description UNIX GNU info reader data
info-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe INFO file extension!

info-1-file-extension
info-1-file-description Cygwin info file
info-1-file-description Files with info-1 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-10-file-extension
info-10-file-description Cygwin info file
info-10-file-description Files with info-10 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-11-file-extension
info-11-file-description Cygwin info data
info-11-file-description An info-11 file extension is related to the Cygwin, a Linux-like environment. An info-11 file contains info data.

info-12-file-extension
info-12-file-description Cygwin info file
info-12-file-description Detailed description

info-13-file-extension
info-13-file-description Cygwin info file
info-13-file-description Files with info-13 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-14-file-extension
info-14-file-description Cygwin info file
info-14-file-description An info-14 file extension is related to the Cygwin software from Red Hat. An info-14 file contains data.

info-15-file-extension
info-15-file-description cygwin info file
info-15-file-description Files with info-15 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-16-file-extension
info-16-file-description Cygwin info file
info-16-file-description Detailed description

info-17-file-extension
info-17-file-description Cygwin info
info-17-file-description Files with info-17 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-18-file-extension
info-18-file-description Cygwin info file
info-18-file-description An info-18 file extension is related to the Cygwin, a Linux-like environment. An info-18 file contains info data.

info-19-file-extension
info-19-file-description Cygwin info data
info-19-file-description An info-19 file extension is related to the Cygwin, a Linux-like environment. An info-19 file contains info data.

info-2-file-extension
info-2-file-description Cygwin info data
info-2-file-description An info-2 file extension is related to the Cygwin, a Linux-like environment for Windows. An info-2 file stores info data.

info-20-file-extension
info-20-file-description cygwin info file
info-20-file-description Files with info-20 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-21-file-extension
info-21-file-description Cygwin info data
info-21-file-description An info-21 file extension is related to the Cygwin and used for its data files.

info-22-file-extension
info-22-file-description Cygwin info file
info-22-file-description Files with info-22 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-23-file-extension
info-23-file-description Cygwin info data
info-23-file-description An info-23 file extension is related to the Cygwin and used for its info data.

info-24-file-extension
info-24-file-description Cygwin info file
info-24-file-description Detailed description

info-25-file-extension
info-25-file-description Cygwin info file
info-25-file-description Files with info-25 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-26-file-extension
info-26-file-description Cygwin info file
info-26-file-description Files with info-26 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-27-file-extension
info-27-file-description Cygwin info data
info-27-file-description An info-27 file extension is related to the Cygwin software from Red Hat. An info-27 file contains data.

info-28-file-extension
info-28-file-description Cygwin info data
info-28-file-description An info-28 file extension is related to the Cygwin software and used for its info data.

info-29-file-extension
info-29-file-description Cygwin info file
info-29-file-description Files with info-29 extension are used by Cygwin program. They are used as a data file format files.

info-3-file-extension
info-3-file-description Cygwin info file
info-3-file-description Detailed description

info-30-file-extension
info-30-file-description Cygwin info
info-30-file-description An info-30 file extension is related to the Cygwin, a collection of GNU and Open Source tools for Windows. An info-30 file contains data.

info-4-file-extension
info-4-file-description Cygwin info file
info-4-file-description Detailed description

info-5-file-extension
info-5-file-description Cygwin info data
info-5-file-description An info-5 file extension is related to the Cygwin and used for its data files.

info-6-file-extension
info-6-file-description Cygwin info data
info-6-file-description An info-6 file extension is related to the Cygwin, a Linux-like environment. An info-6 file contains info data.

info-7-file-extension
info-7-file-description Cygwin info file
info-7-file-description Detailed description

info-8-file-extension
info-8-file-description Cygwin info file
info-8-file-description Detailed description

info-9-file-extension
info-9-file-description Cygwin info data
info-9-file-description An info-9 file extension is related to the Cygwin software from Red Hat. An info-9 file contains info data.

infopathxml-file-extension
infopathxml-file-description Microsoft InfoPath form
infopathxml-file-description An infopathxml file extension is related to the Microsoft InfoPath and used for its form files.

inf_aq-file-extension
inf_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
inf_aq-file-description Files with inf_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

inf_loc-file-extension
inf_loc-file-description Microsoft Windows installation data
inf_loc-file-description Files with .inf_loc file extension can be found as some kind of installation data from Microsoft Windows operating system.

ing-file-extension
ing-file-description MasterCook ingredients data
ing-file-description An ing file extension is related to the MasterCook program. An ing file stores ingredients data.

ingr-file-extension
ingr-file-description Intergraph Raster File Format
ingr-file-description An ingr file extension is related to the Intergraph Process, Power & Marine program. An ingr file stores raster image.

inh-file-extension
inh-file-description Microsoft Visual Basic basfwin data
inh-file-description An inh file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Basic and used for its basfwin data.

ini-dist-file-extension
ini-dist-file-description PHP php.ini distribution default settins
ini-dist-file-description An ini-dist file extension contains php.ini distribution default file used to configure PHP engine.

ini-production-file-extension
ini-production-file-description UEStudio data
ini-production-file-description Files with ini-production file extension are related to the UEStudio data format.

ini-recommended-file-extension
ini-recommended-file-description PHP INI settings
ini-recommended-file-description An ini-recommended file extension is related to the PHP, a server-side scripting language. An ini-recommended file stores settings.

ini2-file-extension
ini2-file-description Text configuration
ini2-file-description An ini2 file extension is related to the text configuration file format used by various Windows apps, sometimes malware.

inibin-file-extension
inibin-file-description League of Legends game data
inibin-file-description Files with inibin file extension are related to the League of Legends game data.

iniis-file-extension
iniis-file-description AsusSetup log
iniis-file-description Files with iniis file extension can be found as temporary files from AsusSetup program.

init-file-extension
init-file-description WM Keeper CLASSIC temporary keys
init-file-description An init file suffix is related to the WM Keeper CLASSIC payment software. An init file stores temporary keys.

inix-file-extension
inix-file-description Adobe InDesign data
inix-file-description An inix file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign and used for its data files.

inj-file-extension
inj-file-description DAZ Studio 3D morph injection data
inj-file-description An inj file extension is related to the DAZ Studio and used for its 3D morph injection data.

injb-file-extension
injb-file-description Adobe InDesign file
injb-file-description Detailed description

ink-file-extension
ink-file-description Mimio ink data
ink-file-description Files with ink extension are mainly related to a special electronic whiteboard format used in Mimio program. The app is used to draw on a tablet using digital pen.

inl-file-extension
inl-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ inline function
inl-file-description An inl file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++, a programming environment and used for its inline function files.

inld-file-extension
inld-file-description ImageLink document
inld-file-description An inld file extension is related to the ImageLink, a program for Microsoft Windows and used for its documents.

inline-file-extension
inline-file-description Base64-encoded inline image
inline-file-description A .inline file extension is related to the Base64-encoded inline image format.

inlk-file-extension
inlk-file-description Adobe InDesign lock document
inlk-file-description An inlk file extension is associated with the Adobe InDesign, a desktop publishing tool for Windows and Mac. An inlk file stores lock data.

inlx-file-extension
inlx-file-description Adobe InDesign data
inlx-file-description An inlx file extension is related to the Adobe Indesign desktop publishing software.

inmedia_db_complete-file-extension
inmedia_db_complete-file-description LG G2 Android data
inmedia_db_complete-file-description An inmedia_db_complete file extension is associated with the Google Android operating system installed in LG G2 phone.

inms-file-extension
inms-file-description Adobe InDesign menu set
inms-file-description An inms file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign, a DTP program for Windows and Mac. An inms file contains saved menu sets.

inn-file-extension
inn-file-description Phantasmagoria ini file
inn-file-description Files with inn extension are used for the Phantasmagoria computer game.

ino-file-extension
ino-file-description Inno Setup script
ino-file-description Files with ino extension are related to the Inno Setup, a tool for creating Windows apps installation packages. An ino file stores script written in Inno Setup.

inp-file-extension
inp-file-description GIS input data
inp-file-description There are 13 other file types  usingthe INP file extension!

inprogress-file-extension
inprogress-file-description Apple Time Machine temporary data
inprogress-file-description An inprogress file extension is related to the Apple Time Machine temporary data format.

inputplugin-file-extension
inputplugin-file-description macOS plugin input method
inputplugin-file-description An inputplugin file extension is related to the Apple macOS (OS X) operating system. An inputplugin file stores plugin input method.

inpx-file-extension
inpx-file-description PTV Vissim network data
inpx-file-description An inpx file extension is related to the PTV Vissim an app used for traffic simulation.

inq-file-extension
inq-file-description EHR Meaningful Use Stage 2 patient inquiry data
inq-file-description An inq file extension is related to the EHR Meaningful Use Stage 2 software. An inq file stores patient inquiry data.

inrs-file-extension
inrs-file-description Adobe InDesign for Mac data
inrs-file-description Files with inrs file extension might be found as part of Adobe InDesign for Mac.

ins-file-extension
ins-file-description InstallShield script
ins-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe INS file extension!

insaniquariumdeluxesavedgame-file-extension
insaniquariumdeluxesavedgame-file-description Insaniquarium Deluxe saved game
insaniquariumdeluxesavedgame-file-description An insaniquariumdeluxesavedgame file extension is related to the Insaniquarium Deluxe video game. An .insaniquariumdeluxesavedgame file contains saved game position.

insp-file-extension
insp-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio inspector data
insp-file-description Files with insp extension can be generally found as inspector files from Microsoft Visual Studio development environment. Probably one of the internal files.

inspxe-file-extension
inspxe-file-description Intel Inspector results
inspxe-file-description An inspxe file extension is related to the Intel Inspector debugger. An inspxe file contains results.

inspxeproj-file-extension
inspxeproj-file-description Intel Inspector project
inspxeproj-file-description An inspxeproj file extension is related to the Intel Inspecotor, an error debugger. An inspxeproj file stores project.

inspxez-file-extension
inspxez-file-description Intel Inspector exported archive
inspxez-file-description An inspxez file extension is related to the Intel Inspector, an error debugger. An inspxez file stores exported archive.

inss-file-extension
inss-file-description Apple Setup Assistant ISP info document
inss-file-description An inss file extension is related to the Setup Assistant included in macOS. An inss file stores ISP info document.

inst-file-extension
inst-file-description RMCProfile peak profile data
inst-file-description Files with inst file suffix are associated with the RMCProfile peak profile data format.

install-file-extension
install-file-description Microsoft Expression Web PHP script
install-file-description An .install file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web an editing tool. An .install file stores php script.

installhelper-file-extension
installhelper-file-description Apple Mac Install Helper document
installhelper-file-description An installhelper file extension is related to the macOS (OS X) operating system. An .installhelper file stores Install Helper document.

installlog-file-extension
installlog-file-description Microsoft .NET installation log
installlog-file-description Files with .installlog file extension can generally be found as installation log from .NET applications created in Microsoft Visual Studio.

installstate-file-extension
installstate-file-description .NET Framework Installation file
installstate-file-description Files with installstate extension can be usually found as temporary files generated by .NET Framework based installations.

install_backup-file-extension
install_backup-file-description AVG shell extension module
install_backup-file-description An install_backup file extension is related to the AVG security software. An install_backup file contains shell extension module.

instantrename-file-extension
instantrename-file-description Quick File Rename file
instantrename-file-description The instantrename file extension is related to the Quick File Rename software.

insx-file-extension
insx-file-description InScribe XML document file
insx-file-description Files with insx extension are associated with InScribe program. They contain some hieroglyphics texts.

ins_aq-file-extension
ins_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
ins_aq-file-description Files with ins_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

int-file-extension
int-file-description Delphi interface data
int-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe INT file extension!

int%3F-file-extension
int%3F-file-description Quicken for Mac data
int%3F-file-description An int? file extension is related to Quicken, a personal finance management tool. An int? file contains some kind of financial data.

inta-file-extension
inta-file-description Silicon Graphics bitmap image
inta-file-description An inta file extension is associated with the image format developed by Silicon Graphics.

intaglio-file-extension
intaglio-file-description Intaglio drawing file
intaglio-file-description Files with intaglio extension are used for Intaglio application which is software made for Apple Mac OS X. They contain drawings created in Intaglio.

intellifont-file-extension
intellifont-file-description Intellifont data
intellifont-file-description An intellifont file extension is related to the Intellifont a scalable font technology developed by HP.

interface-file-extension
interface-file-description Notepad++ data
interface-file-description An interface file extension is related to the Notepad++ application for Windows.

internetconnect-file-extension
internetconnect-file-description Apple Mac System Preferences internet connect document
internetconnect-file-description A .internetconnect file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) and used for its internet connect document files.

internetmailsend-file-extension
internetmailsend-file-description Unknown file extension
internetmailsend-file-description Files with internetmailsend file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

intr-file-extension
intr-file-description Assassins's Creed game data
intr-file-description Files with intr file extension can be found as game data files from Assassins's Creed computer game.

intu-file-extension
intu-file-description Quicken for Mac data
intu-file-description Files with intu file extension might be found as part of older version of Quicken accounting program for Mac.

inuse-file-extension
inuse-file-description Text configuration (in use)
inuse-file-description An inuse file extension is related to the text configuration files (in use).

inventor-file-extension
inventor-file-description SGI Open Inventor data
inventor-file-description Files with inventor file extension is mainly related to SGI open Inventor (previously IRIS inventor). Used for programming of OpenGL graphics.

inx-file-extension
inx-file-description Adobe InDesign Interchange File Format
inx-file-description Files with inx file extension are XML based documents exported in Adobe InDesign. Interchange File Format for transfer of documents between InDesign programs.

inz-file-extension
inz-file-description Datalogic Lighter configuration
inz-file-description An inz file extension is related to the Datalogic Lighter configuration data.

in_-file-extension
in_-file-description Microcoft setup information data
in_-file-description An in_ file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. An in_ file contains setup information data.

in%7E-file-extension
in%7E-file-description Unknown file extension
in%7E-file-description Files with in~ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

io-file-extension
io-file-description Modula-3 object
io-file-description Files with io extension are related to Modula-3 programming language. An io file stores object.

iob-file-extension
iob-file-description Actuate information object file format
iob-file-description An iob file extension is related to the Actuate information object file format.

iobit-file-extension
iobit-file-description Advanced SystemCare PRO backup
iobit-file-description Files with iobit file extension are generated by the Advanced System Pro utility as backups before it attempts to optimize and clean Windows Registry.

iobj-file-extension
iobj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio intermediate object
iobj-file-description An iobj file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio development environment. An iobj file stores intermediate objet.

ioc-file-extension
ioc-file-description Winamp Io plug-in
ioc-file-description Files with ioc extension are in most cases special plugins for the Winamp multimedia player for Microsoft Windows.

ioca-file-extension
ioca-file-description IBM Image Object Content Architecture (IOCA) bitmap graphics
ioca-file-description An ioca file extension is related to the IBM Image Object Content Architecture (IOCA). An ioca file stores bitmap graphics.

iod-file-extension
iod-file-description Sony DVGate IO data
iod-file-description An iod file extension is related to the Sony DVGate IO data file format.

iof-file-extension
iof-file-description Microsoft Findit document
iof-file-description An iof file extension is associated with the Microsoft Findit. An iof file stores document created in the Findit.

iok-file-extension
iok-file-description Omniscope configuration
iok-file-description An iok file extension is related to the Omniscope Desktop. An iok file stores configuration data.

iokit-file-extension
iokit-file-description Dell DPACK results data
iokit-file-description Files with iokit file extension can be usually found as results files from Dell Performance Analysis Collection Kit.

iom-file-extension
iom-file-description Omniscope configuration data
iom-file-description An iom file extension is associated with the Omniscope configuration files.

ion-file-extension
ion-file-description Description data
ion-file-description An ion file extension is related to the ION description files. A simple text file similar to READ.ME, READ.1ST or README.TX etc.

iop-file-extension
iop-file-description Lost Saga game data
iop-file-description An iop file extension is related to the Lost Saga computer game and used for its game data files.

ioplist-file-extension
ioplist-file-description Apple Mac OS X ioplist file
ioplist-file-description The IOPLIST file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X operating system. The *.ioplist stores data for Kernel Kext extensions.

ior-file-extension
ior-file-description Maxwell Render index of refraction data
ior-file-description An ior file extension is related to the Maxwell Render and used for its index of refraction.

ios-file-extension
ios-file-description Apple iOS data
ios-file-description Files with ios extension can be usually encountered on the Apple iOS platform, operating system for iPad, iPhone and iPod Touch devices.

iot-file-extension
iot-file-description Hitachi Ladder Editor IO comment
iot-file-description Files with iot file extension can be found as Hitachi Ladder Editor IO comments.

iox-file-extension
iox-file-description Response Channel Manager template
iox-file-description Files with iox file extension Response Channel Manager template format.

ip-file-extension
ip-file-description IconPackager icon set
ip-file-description Files with ip file extension can be mostly found as icon set archives for Stardock IconPackager files.

ip2-file-extension
ip2-file-description Atari ICE PCIN+ picture image
ip2-file-description An ip2 file extension is related to the Atari ICE PCIN+ picture image file format.

ip3-file-extension
ip3-file-description particleIllusion project
ip3-file-description An ip3 file extension is related to the particleIllusion program. An ip3 file stores project.

ipalias-file-extension
ipalias-file-description Apple iPhoto alias
ipalias-file-description An ipalias file extension is related to the iPhoto from Apple, Inc. An ipalias file stores alias.

ipb-file-extension
ipb-file-description iPhone Perl script
ipb-file-description An ipb file extension is related to the Apple iPhone and other devices with Apple iOS operating system. An ipb file contains script written in Perl used by apps written for iPhone.

ipc-file-extension
ipc-file-description IncrediFlash tools image file
ipc-file-description Files with ipc suffix might be found as tools images from IncrediFlash program.

ipcc-file-extension
ipcc-file-description Apple iOS carrier update
ipcc-file-description Files with ipcc extension are carrier update data files for Apple iOS operating system.

ipch-file-extension
ipch-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ Intellisense precompiled header file
ipch-file-description Files with ipch extension are used for the Microsoft Visual C++ software. They include pre-compiled header data.

ipdb-file-extension
ipdb-file-description IP Address Tracker IP database
ipdb-file-description An ipdb file extension is related to the IP Address Tracker IP database file format.

ipe-file-extension
ipe-file-description Wacom Pen system.ini and win.ini backup
ipe-file-description An ipe file extension is related to the Wacom Pen system.ini and win.ini backup.

ipe_tempfile-file-extension
ipe_tempfile-file-description iPhone temporary data
ipe_tempfile-file-description An ipe_tempfile file extension is related to the iPhone temporary data format.

ipf-file-extension
ipf-file-description Microsoft SMS installer script
ipf-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe IPF file extension!

ipfix-file-extension
ipfix-file-description Wireshark captured data
ipfix-file-description An ipfix file extension is related to the Wireshark and used for its captured data.

ipflib-file-extension
ipflib-file-description DWOS implant kit
ipflib-file-description Files with ipflib file extension are related to the DWOS and used for its implant kits.

ipg-file-extension
ipg-file-description iPod game package
ipg-file-description An ipg file extension is related to the iPod game package format.

iph-file-extension
iph-file-description InterPaint (Hires) image format
iph-file-description An iph file extension is related to the InterPaint image format. It is obsolete file format.

iphoto-file-extension
iphoto-file-description Apple iPhoto library
iphoto-file-description An iphoto file extension is related to the Apple iPhoto and used for its library files.

iphotoproject-file-extension
iphotoproject-file-description Apple iPhoto printing project
iphotoproject-file-description An iphotoproject file extension is related to iPhoto app from Apple and it is used for printing project files.

ipi-file-extension
ipi-file-description Microsoft Windows Installer data
ipi-file-description An ipi file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Installer, an app installation service included in Microsoft Windows operating system.

ipick-file-extension
ipick-file-description iPick Football picture image
ipick-file-description An ipick file extension is related to the iPick Football. An ipick file contains picture image.

ipj-file-extension
ipj-file-description AutoDesk Inventor project
ipj-file-description Files with ipj file extension can most usually found as modeling projects from AutoDesk Inventor mechanical design software.

ipk-file-extension
ipk-file-description Shana Informed Filler data
ipk-file-description Files with the ipk file extension were mostly related to old Shana Informed Filler program. Seems like obsolete.

ipkg-file-extension
ipkg-file-description Indicore SDK package
ipkg-file-description An ipkg file extension is associated with the Indicore SDK and used for its package files.

ipl-file-extension
ipl-file-description CorelDRAW Pantone spot reference palette
ipl-file-description An ipl file extension is related to the CorelDRAW a vector graphics editor for Windows. An ipl file stores spot reference palette data.

ipl22-file-extension
ipl22-file-description PLATO Learning network temporary data
ipl22-file-description An ipl22 file extension is related to the PLATO Web Learning Network and used for its temporary data.

ipla-file-extension
ipla-file-description Unknown file extension
ipla-file-description Files with ipla file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

iplb-file-extension
iplb-file-description Apple iPhoto library archive
iplb-file-description The .iplb file extension is related to the iPhoto digital photo editing app from Apple.

ipm-file-extension
ipm-file-description Walmart Digital Photo Manager photo message
ipm-file-description An ipm file extension is related to the Walmart Digital Photo Manager and used for its photo message files.

ipmeta-file-extension
ipmeta-file-description Apple iPhoto library metadata
ipmeta-file-description An ipmeta file extension is used for metadata files generated by Apple iPhoto. iPhoto is photo manager and photo editor for macOS. Metadata file doesn't contain any digital photo images, but only information about them. It is used only for internal purposes of iPhoto.

ipn-file-extension
ipn-file-description AutoDesk Inventor presentation file format
ipn-file-description An ipn file extension is related to the Inventor from Autodesk company. An ipn file contains presentation.

ipo-file-extension
ipo-file-description InstallShield object project
ipo-file-description An ipo file extension is related to the InstallShield and used for its object project files.

ipod-file-extension
ipod-file-description Rockbox executable application
ipod-file-description An ipod file extension is related to the Rockbox open source firmware for various MP3 players. An ipod file contains executable.

ipp-file-extension
ipp-file-description Help & Manual proprietary image
ipp-file-description An ipp file extension is related to the Help & Manual and used for its proprietary images.

ipproj-file-extension
ipproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio InfoPath project
ipproj-file-description Files with ipproj file extension can be found as projects from Microsoft InfoPath.

ipq-file-extension
ipq-file-description Panasonic OCR Pro data
ipq-file-description An ipq file extension is related to the Panasonic OCR Pro software for Windows.

ipr-file-extension
ipr-file-description IntelliJ project XML data
ipr-file-description Files with ipr file extension can be found as programming projects from IntelliJ integrated development environment.

iproject-file-extension
iproject-file-description iClone project
iproject-file-description Files with iproject file extension are used by iClone software. An iproject file contains project.

ips-file-extension
ips-file-description IPIX IPScript data
ips-file-description Files with ips extension canbe usually encounterd as part of the IPIX IPScript (ipScript internet Pascal Scripting language).

ipspot-file-extension
ipspot-file-description Apple iPhoto index
ipspot-file-description An ipspot file extension is related to the Apple iPhoto. An .ipspot file stores index.

ipsx-file-extension
ipsx-file-description iPhone firmware update
ipsx-file-description An ipsx file extension is related with firmware updates for Apple iPhone, iPad and iPod devices.

iptheme-file-extension
iptheme-file-description IconPackager theme
iptheme-file-description An iptheme file extension is related to the IconPackager program. An iptheme file stores theme.

ipu-file-extension
ipu-file-description Vocaltech IPhone user data
ipu-file-description An ipu file extension is related to the Vocaltech IPhone user data format.

iputils-file-extension
iputils-file-description Gnome Desktop file
iputils-file-description Files with IPUTILS extension can be found in Gnome Desktop Linux environment. Probably some sort of configuration file.

ipw-file-extension
ipw-file-description UniPlot graph
ipw-file-description Files with ipw file extension are associated with the UniPlot, a program for Windows. An ipw file stores graph.

ipx-file-extension
ipx-file-description Ipix spherical panorama
ipx-file-description Files with ipx file extension can mainly be found as pictures in iPix spherical panorama format.

ipy-file-extension
ipy-file-description IPython script
ipy-file-description An ipy file extension is related to the IPython development tool. An ipy file stores script.

ipynb-file-extension
ipynb-file-description IPython notebook
ipynb-file-description An ipynb file extension is related to the IPython, an architecture for interactive computing. An ipynb file stores notebook.

ipz-file-extension
ipz-file-description ICQ Plus skin
ipz-file-description An ipz file extension was ICQ add-on for skins, which is no more supported by new ICQ client versions.

iqc-file-extension
iqc-file-description CADIQ comparison analysis result
iqc-file-description Files with iqc extension can be found as saved comparison analysis results generated in CADIQ engineering program.

iqd-file-extension
iqd-file-description Impromptu defintion data
iqd-file-description Files with iqd file extension can be found as definition files from Impromptu music composition software.

iqe-file-extension
iqe-file-description Inter-Quake export data
iqe-file-description An iqe file extension is related to the Inter-Quake and used for its export files.

iqf-file-extension
iqf-file-description Integra query data
iqf-file-description Files with iqf file extension can be found as query files from old IRIS Integra software.

iqi-file-extension
iqi-file-description IBM Query data
iqi-file-description An iqi file extension is related to the IBM Query, a query tool for DB2 system.

iql-file-extension
iql-file-description CADIQ log
iql-file-description Files with iql file suffix are related to the CADIQ log format.

iqm-file-extension
iqm-file-description Inter-Quake model
iqm-file-description Files with iqm extension can be usually encountered as data files in the Inter-Quake Model format. Used in games that run on the Quake engine.

iqp-file-extension
iqp-file-description 20-20 Office Sales exported quote data
iqp-file-description An iqp file extension is related to the 20-20 Office Sales, a program for Microsoft Windows. An iqp file contains exported quote data.

iqr-file-extension
iqr-file-description Cadiq view analysis results data file
iqr-file-description Files with iqr extension are used ba Cadiq program. They contain some analysis results data.

iqs-file-extension
iqs-file-description CADIQ summary log
iqs-file-description An iqs file extension is related to the CADIQ program. An .iqs file contains summary log.

iqt-file-extension
iqt-file-description Tektronix file
iqt-file-description Files with iqt extension are created by Telektronix devices.

iqu-file-extension
iqu-file-description AmeriCalc update
iqu-file-description An iqu file extension is related to the AmeriCalc update files.

iqx-file-extension
iqx-file-description Nexjen binary data
iqx-file-description An iqx file extension is related to the Nexjen binary file format used to store data waveforms and information about the expected data modulation.

iqy-file-extension
iqy-file-description Microsoft Excel Internet query
iqy-file-description An iqy file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel spreadsheet editing tool. An iqy file stores Internet query data.

ir-file-extension
ir-file-description DEAL for Windows data
ir-file-description Files with ir file extension are related to Deal for Windows from Crestron.

ir2-file-extension
ir2-file-description Super IRG 2 picture image
ir2-file-description An ir2 file extension is associated with the Super IRG 2 picture image file format.

iraf-file-extension
iraf-file-description IRAF data
iraf-file-description Files with iraf file extension can be found as images from Image Reduction and Analysis Facility software bundle.

irafhosts-file-extension
irafhosts-file-description IRAF user file
irafhosts-file-description Detailed description

irb-file-extension
irb-file-description Interactive Ruby script
irb-file-description An irb file extension is related to the Ruby programming language and used for its interactive scripts.

irbrc-file-extension
irbrc-file-description Ruby file
irbrc-file-description An irbc file extension is related to the Ruby programming language. An irbc file contains data.

irc-file-extension
irc-file-description jIRCii script
irc-file-description Files with irc file extension can be usually found as scripts from JIRCii IRC client for Windows, Mac and Linux.

ircp-file-extension
ircp-file-description Adobe SpeedGrade project
ircp-file-description An ircp file extension is related to the Adobe SpeedGrade, a color correction software.

ird-file-extension
ird-file-description PS3 original disc blueprint
ird-file-description Files with ird suffix can be found as PS3 dics blueprints for emulation of game rips. Used in programs like PS3-ISO rebuilder.

irev-file-extension
irev-file-description Runtime Revolution script file
irev-file-description Files with IREV extension can be found as scripts from Runtime Revolution software development system.so

irf-file-extension
irf-file-description iVIEW DVR H.264 video data
irf-file-description Files with irf file extension can be also found as video files recorded using iVIEW CCTV DVD recorders.

irg-file-extension
irg-file-description Sofya database interclass relation graph
irg-file-description An irg file extension is related to the Sofya database interclass relation graph format.

iris-file-extension
iris-file-description Silicon Irix Graphics raw format
iris-file-description Files with iris file extension are related to the Silicon Irix Graphics raw format.

irix6-file-extension
irix6-file-description Irix 6 file
irix6-file-description Detailed description

irix64bit-file-extension
irix64bit-file-description Irix 64 bit make file
irix64bit-file-description Detailed description

irk-file-extension
irk-file-description iArcade game package
irk-file-description Files with irk file extension can be found as game packages from iArcade software from Brooklyn Games.

irl-file-extension
irl-file-description IBM WebSphere ILOG JRules rule language file
irl-file-description Files with irl extension are used for IBM WebSphere ILOG JRules software. They store language settings data.

irm-file-extension
irm-file-description Oracle IRM Wrapper data
irm-file-description Files with irm file extension are related to the Oracle IRM Wrapper data format.

irn-file-extension
irn-file-description IRedit database
irn-file-description The irn file extension is related to the IRedit and used for its database files.

irobo-file-extension
irobo-file-description RoboMind source code
irobo-file-description An irobo file extension is related to the RoboMind programming tool. An irobo file contains source code.

iros-file-extension
iros-file-description Adobe Save for Web settings
iros-file-description An iros file extension is related to the Adobe Save for Web settings format.

irp-file-extension
irp-file-description Microsoft ISA Server Report Generator output
irp-file-description An irp file extension is related to the Microsoft ISA Server Report Generator and used for its output data.

irr-file-extension
irr-file-description UVBrewer brewer lamp data
irr-file-description An irr file extension is related to the UVBrewer and used for its brewer lamp data.

irrmesh-file-extension
irrmesh-file-description Irrlicht static mesh file
irrmesh-file-description The *.irrmesh file extension is related to the Irrlicht nad used for its static mesh files.

irs-file-extension
irs-file-description Adobe Photoshop optimized setting file
irs-file-description The irs file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop a picture image editor for Mac and Windows. The irs file stores optimized settings.

irv-file-extension
irv-file-description XMap work data
irv-file-description An irv file extension is related to the Xmap and used for its work data files.

irx-file-extension
irx-file-description UVBrewer brewer lamp irradiation data
irx-file-description An irx file extension is related to the UVBrewer brewer lamp irradiation file format.

is-file-extension
is-file-description Modula-3 intermediate assembly data
is-file-description A .is file extension is related to the Modula-3 programming language.

is1-file-extension
is1-file-description SmartWare input screen
is1-file-description An is1 file extension is related to the SmartWare programming platform. An is1 file contains input screen data.

is2-file-extension
is2-file-description IRT Cronista infrared image
is2-file-description Files with is2 file extension are infrared image data files saved with the IRT Cronista thermographic software.

is3-file-extension
is3-file-description SmartWare input screen data
is3-file-description An is3 file extension is related to the SmartWare input screen data format.

is4-file-extension
is4-file-description SmartWare input screen file
is4-file-description Files with is4 extension are used by the SmartWare program. They include input screen data.

isa-file-extension
isa-file-description Adobe Photoshop ImageReady action data
isa-file-description Files with isa extension can be found as part of Adobe Photoshop and used for ImageReady action macros.

isale-file-extension
isale-file-description iSale auction data
isale-file-description An isale file extension is related to the iSale auction files.

isaletemplate-file-extension
isaletemplate-file-description iSale template
isaletemplate-file-description An isaletemplate file extension is related to the iSale and used for its template files.

isallic-file-extension
isallic-file-description iSale license file
isallic-file-description The *.isallic file extension is related iSale editing tool. The ISALLIC stores license files.

isam-file-extension
isam-file-description ISAM database
isam-file-description An isam file extension is related to the Indexed Sequential Access Method and used for its database files.

isb-file-extension
isb-file-description Vanguard music data
isb-file-description Files with isb file extension can be found as game resource archives for the Vanguard: Saga of Heroes. Contains audio related data.

isc-file-extension
isc-file-description Xilinx device configuration information
isc-file-description An isc file extension is related to the Xilinx device configuration information files.

iscorrupt-file-extension
iscorrupt-file-description Skype data
iscorrupt-file-description Files with iscorrupt file extension might be found as part of earlier versions of Skype.

iscsi-file-extension
iscsi-file-description DAEMON Tools data
iscsi-file-description Files with iscsi file extension are commonly used by DAEMON Tools for Windows and Mac.

isd-file-extension
isd-file-description InstallShield dialog data
isd-file-description An isd file extension is related to the InstallShield and used for its dialog files.

isdb-file-extension
isdb-file-description Unknown file extension
isdb-file-description Files with isdb file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

isdoc-file-extension
isdoc-file-description Information System Document
isdoc-file-description An isdoc file extension is related to the document file format called Information System Document developed by A Working group for Electronic Standards of data exchanging from Czech Republic. It is used for paperless exchanging of invoices and other documents.

isdocx-file-extension
isdocx-file-description Information System Document archive
isdocx-file-description An isdocx file extension is related to the Information System Document an electronic invoicing format  from Czech Republic. An .isdocx file contains compressed archive with documents.

isds-file-extension
isds-file-description IRAC Science Data Simulator output data
isds-file-description An isds file extension is related to the IRAC Science Data Simulator. An isds file stores output data.

ise-file-extension
ise-file-description InstallShield Express project
ise-file-description File with ise file extension are used for InstallShield Express, the include installation data files.

isf-file-extension
isf-file-description Inspiration diagram
isf-file-description Files with isf extension can be found as diagrams made using Inspiration tool used for visual mapping software.

isff-file-extension
isff-file-description Intergraph Standard File Format
isff-file-description An isff file extension is related to the Intergraph Standard File Format used for hierarchical description of objects.

isg-file-extension
isg-file-description Unknown file extension
isg-file-description The isg string is probably mistyped igs file extension.

ish-file-extension
ish-file-description Image Speeder image
ish-file-description An ish file extension is related to the Image Speeder and used for its image file formats.

ish1-file-extension
ish1-file-description Animation-ish Wiggledoodle-ish document
ish1-file-description An ish1 file extension is related to the Animation-ish Wiggledoodle-ish document format.

ish2-file-extension
ish2-file-description Animation-ishFlipBook-ish document
ish2-file-description An ish2 file extension is related to the Animation-ish software. An ish2 file stores document.

ish3-file-extension
ish3-file-description Animation-ish Advanced-ish document
ish3-file-description An ish3 file extension is related to the Animation-ish Advanced-ish document format.

isi-file-extension
isi-file-description ISI file format
isi-file-description Files with isi file extension can be mostly found saved results in special search queries format from Thompson Scientific.

isk-file-extension
isk-file-description Druvaa inSync client key file
isk-file-description Files with isk extension are used for Druvaa inSync program.

isl-file-extension
isl-file-description InstallShield temporary installer file format
isl-file-description Files with isl extension can be most often found as temporary files from InstallShield app installation solution. Typically generated when app is installed using InstallShield.

ism-file-extension
ism-file-description InstallShield project
ism-file-description An ism file extension is related to the InstallShield a tool for Microsoft Windows that allows users to create Windows installation packages. An ism file stores project.

isma-file-extension
isma-file-description Microsoft Internet Information Services audio stream
isma-file-description An isma file extension is related to the Microsoft Internet Information Services and used for its audio stream files.

ismc-file-extension
ismc-file-description Smooth Streaming MPEG-4 client manifest
ismc-file-description Files with ismc file extension can be usually found as special client manifest files for videos in Smooth Streaming fragmented MPEG-4 video format.

ismclip-file-extension
ismclip-file-description iStopMotion animation file
ismclip-file-description The ISMCLIP file extension is related to the iStopMotion and used for its animation files.

ismv-file-extension
ismv-file-description Smooth Streaming MPEG-4 multimedia fragment
ismv-file-description Files with ismv file extension can be usually found as special video files in so called Smooth Streaming fragmented MPEG-4 video format.

isn-file-extension
isn-file-description InstallShield installer source data
isn-file-description An isn file extension is related to the InstallShield software used to create application installation packages.

isoe-file-extension
isoe-file-description ISO Builder file
isoe-file-description Detailed description

isofileimage-file-extension
isofileimage-file-description UMDGen data
isofileimage-file-description An isofileimage file extension is related to the UMDGen application for Windows. An isofileimage file contains disk image.

isoz-file-extension
isoz-file-description Arbortext IsoDraw compressed drawing
isoz-file-description An isoz file extension is associated with the Arbortext IsoDraw CAD modeling tool. An isoz file stores compressed drawing.

isp-file-extension
isp-file-description Internet Service Provider settings
isp-file-description An isp file extension is related to the Internet Service Provider settings used by Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Windows Server and Microsoft IIS.

ispac-file-extension
ispac-file-description SQL Server project deployment model
ispac-file-description A ispac file extension is related to the SQL Server database system. An ispac file contains project deployment model.

ispc-file-extension
ispc-file-description Image Surfer Pro album
ispc-file-description An ispc file extension is related to the Image Surfer Pro, an extension for Microsoft Internet Explorer used for image fusking.

ispro-file-extension
ispro-file-description InstallSimple project
ispro-file-description An ispro file extension is related to the InstallSimple software for Windows. An ispro file stores project.

ispx-file-extension
ispx-file-description iStudio Publisher document
ispx-file-description Files with ispx file extension are related to documents created by iStudio Publisher program.

ispy-file-extension
ispy-file-description iSpy data
ispy-file-description An ispy file extension is associated with the iSpy software.

isp_aq-file-extension
isp_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
isp_aq-file-description Files with isp_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

isq-file-extension
isq-file-description MicroCT image
isq-file-description An isq file extension is related to the MicroST scanners and used for its captured image files.

isr-file-extension
isr-file-description InstallShield uninstall information data
isr-file-description Files with isr file extension are associated with the InstallShield uninstall information data.

iss-file-extension
iss-file-description ISS picture image
iss-file-description Files with iss file extension are commonly bitmap images. You can view them using XnView.

issue-file-extension
issue-file-description Adobe digpub folio data
issue-file-description An issue file extension is related to the Adobe Content Viewer and used for its digpub folio data.

issuite-file-extension
issuite-file-description InstallShield project
issuite-file-description An issuite file extension is associated with the InstallShield software and used for its project files.

ist-file-extension
ist-file-description Adobe ImageStyler data
ist-file-description Files with ist file suffix are related to the Adobe ImageStyler data format.

istg-file-extension
istg-file-description ISOE imagine stage file
istg-file-description The *.istg file extension is related to the ISOE software and used for its imagine stage files.

isu-file-extension
isu-file-description InstallShield uninstall script
isu-file-description An isu file extension is related to the InstallShield. An isu file contains uninstall script.

isv-file-extension
isv-file-description IDL iTools state
isv-file-description An isv file extension is related to the IDL iTools a scientific programming language. An isv file stores saved state.

isw-file-extension
isw-file-description ZoneAlarm ForceField data
isw-file-description An isw file extension is related to ForceField a software used to improve security in web browsers developed by ZoneAlarm.

iswp-file-extension
iswp-file-description Apple iTunes iOS firmware update
iswp-file-description Files with iswp file extension can be found as firmware updates for iOS devices downloaded using iTunes.

isx-file-extension
isx-file-description Intrasis object data
isx-file-description Files with isx file extension can be most often found as object data files from Intrasis system software. XML based format GIS format.

isym-file-extension
isym-file-description ArchiCAD for Mac Geometric Description Language file
isym-file-description Detailed description

is_-file-extension
is_-file-description Unknown file extension
is_-file-description Files with is_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

it-file-extension
it-file-description Italian language translation file
it-file-description Files with it extension are known asi an Italian language translation files.

it2-file-extension
it2-file-description Intruder's Thunder 2 game level
it2-file-description An it2 file extension is related to the Intruder's Thunder 2 computer game. An it2 file stores game level.

it3-file-extension
it3-file-description Internet Timer log
it3-file-description Files with it3 extension can be found as log files from old Internet Timer program.

ita-file-extension
ita-file-description Italian localization language data
ita-file-description Files with ita file extension are generally localization or information files in Italian language. Used in many programs.

itb-file-extension
itb-file-description iTunes Library Extras
itb-file-description Files with itb file extension can be found as Library Extras files from iTunes media management program.

itc-file-extension
itc-file-description UTHSCSA Image Tool calibration data
itc-file-description An itc file extension is related to the UTHSCSA Image Tool calibration files.

itc2-file-extension
itc2-file-description Apple iTunes Cover Flow data
itc2-file-description Files with itc2 file extension can be most typically found as album covers in a special encrypted format used in Apple iTunes multimedia management software.

itcl-file-extension
itcl-file-description Cygwin iwidgets script
itcl-file-description An itcl file extension is related to the Cygwin iwidgets scripts files.

itd-file-extension
itd-file-description SDL Trados translation data
itd-file-description Files with itd file extension can be found as translation data for SDL Trados Studio translation software.

itdb-file-extension
itdb-file-description Apple iTunes database
itdb-file-description Files with itdb extension are iTunes databases. These file store information in SQL database about multimedia files.

ite-file-extension
ite-file-description E-Tabs Reader file
ite-file-description Files with ite extension are used by E-Tabs Reader program. They include some data used for internal purposes.

itemscript-file-extension
itemscript-file-description Divinity: Original Sin game data
itemscript-file-description Files with itemscript file extension are used by Divinity: Original Sin, a fantasy role playing game.

itf-file-extension
itf-file-description eSignal integrated trading data
itf-file-description An itf file extension is related to the eSignal a trading platform for computers. An itf file stores integrated trading data.

itg-file-extension
itg-file-description Intergraph format bitmap graphics
itg-file-description An itg file extension is related to the Intergraph format bitmap graphics format.

ithmb-file-extension
ithmb-file-description iOS thumbnails
ithmb-file-description Files with ithmb file extension can be usually found as some sort of thumbnail previous generated on Apple portable devices (iPod, iPhone, iPad). They are used for faster preview of original pictures in picture management programs.

ithumb-file-extension
ithumb-file-description Apple iPod photo thumbnail
ithumb-file-description Files with ithumb file extension is related to the Apple iPod photo thumbnails.

iti-file-extension
iti-file-description Impulse Tracker instrument
iti-file-description An iti file extension is related to the Impulse Tracker and used for its instruments files.

itk-file-extension
itk-file-description Cygwin itk3.0 data
itk-file-description An itk file extension is related to the Cygwin and used for its data files.

itl-file-extension
itl-file-description Apple iTunes music database
itl-file-description Files with itl file extension can be found as music databases used in Apple iTunes software.

itld-file-extension
itld-file-description Infoworx translation library database file
itld-file-description Detailed description

itlp-file-extension
itlp-file-description Apple iTunes LP data
itlp-file-description An itlp file extension is associated with the Apple iTunes, a multimedia manager. An itlp file stores data.

itls-file-extension
itls-file-description Apple iTunes live stream
itls-file-description An itls file extension is used for Apple iTunes live stream files.

itm-file-extension
itm-file-description Diablo item data
itm-file-description An itm file extension is associated with the Diablo, an action hack and slash RPG. An itm file stores item data.

itms-file-extension
itms-file-description Apple iTunes Store URL settings
itms-file-description An itms file stores URL settings for Apple iTunes software.

itmsp-file-extension
itmsp-file-description Apple iTunes store package
itmsp-file-description An itmsp file extension is associated with the Apple iTunes and used for Store package files.

itmx-file-extension
itmx-file-description XML Model Interchange Language source code
itmx-file-description An itmx file extension is related to the XML Model Interchange Language.

itmz-file-extension
itmz-file-description iThoughtsX mind-map document
itmz-file-description Files with itmz file extension can be found as mind-map documents from iThoughtsX program for various platforms.

itn-file-extension
itn-file-description TomTom Navigator itinerary data
itn-file-description Files with itn file extension are related to the TomTom Navigator itinerary data format.

itp-file-extension
itp-file-description BioWare Aurora game engine palette data
itp-file-description Files with itp file extension can be found as part of games based on Bioware's Aurora game engine.

itpc-file-extension
itpc-file-description Apple iTunes podcast subscription
itpc-file-description Files with itpc file extension are related to the Apple iTunes podcast subscription format.

itq-file-extension
itq-file-description SAIA S-Web variable initialization data
itq-file-description An itq file extension is related to the SAIA S-Web variable initialization files.

itr-file-extension
itr-file-description Icy Tower data
itr-file-description An itr file extension is related to the Icy Tower and used for its game data files.

itrace-file-extension
itrace-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
itrace-file-description An itrace file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its itrace files.

its-file-extension
its-file-description Impulse Tracker sample
its-file-description An its file extension is related to the Impulse Tracker, an audio composing software. An its file stores audio sample.

itss-file-extension
itss-file-description Microsoft Infotech storage system
itss-file-description An itss file extension is related to the Microsoft Infotech storage system file format.

itt-file-extension
itt-file-description IconTweaker theme
itt-file-description An itt file extension is related to the IconTweaker theme format.

itu-file-extension
itu-file-description Shefield dictionary
itu-file-description Files with itu file extension might be found as Shefield dictionary data files.

itv-file-extension
itv-file-description Nostalgia Emulator Intellivision ROM image
itv-file-description An itv file extension is related to the Nostalgia Emulator Intellivision and used for ROM files.

itw-file-extension
itw-file-description IT Works application data
itw-file-description An itw file extension is related to the IT Works application data files.

itx-file-extension
itx-file-description IBM FileNet eForms ITX form template
itx-file-description An itx file extension is related to the IBM FileNet eForms. An itx file stores form template.

itxib-file-extension
itxib-file-description Apple iTunes dump data
itxib-file-description Files with itxib file extension can be usually encountered as dump data from Apple iTunes for Mac and Windows.

itz-file-extension
itz-file-description Impulse Tracker music module
itz-file-description An itz file extension is related to the Impulse Tracker music module format, used by various multi-track editors.

it_-file-extension
it_-file-description Unknown file extension
it_-file-description Files with it_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

iuc-file-extension
iuc-file-description wyUpdate data
iuc-file-description An iuc file extension is related to the wyUpdate a software for Microsoft Windows operating system.

iuf-file-extension
iuf-file-description AusSoft LandMark incremental update
iuf-file-description An iuf file extension is related to the AusSoft LandMark and used for its incremental updates.

ium-file-extension
ium-file-description infoUSA network meter data
ium-file-description An ium file extension is associated with the infoUSA network meter data format.

iup-file-extension
iup-file-description ChessBase Fritz update data
iup-file-description An iup file extension is related to the ChessBase Fritz program. An iup file stores update data.

ius-file-extension
ius-file-description infoTMIC Android update
ius-file-description An ius file extension is related to the infoTMIC Android update files.

iuux-file-extension
iuux-file-description Powerflex configuration
iuux-file-description An iuux file extension is associated with the Powerflex configuration.

iv-file-extension
iv-file-description SGI Inventor 3D format
iv-file-description Files with iv file extension are in most cases 3D graphic files for SGI Inventor. Specialized object-oriented 3D format.

iv2i-file-extension
iv2i-file-description Norton Ghost disk drive image
iv2i-file-description An iv2i file extension is related to the Norton Ghost software and used for its disk drive images.

iva-file-extension
iva-file-description Surveillance video file
iva-file-description Files with iva suffix can be most often found as old video recordings captured by some CCTV or video surveillance systems.

ivaud-file-extension
ivaud-file-description XWE data
ivaud-file-description An ivaud file extension is related to the XWE editing tool for Microsoft Windows.

ivb-file-extension
ivb-file-description Truevision Targa format bitmap graphics
ivb-file-description Files with bpx file extension can be found as bitmap images in Truevision Targa format. You can view it using XnView.

ivc-file-extension
ivc-file-description iView MediaPro catalogue
ivc-file-description An ivc file extension is related to the iView MediaPro now Microsoft Expression Studio and used for its catalogue files.

ivd-file-extension
ivd-file-description Beyond 20/20 microdata dimension or variable-level data
ivd-file-description An ivd file extension is related to the Beyond 20/20 program and used for its microdata dimension or variable-level data.

ive-file-extension
ive-file-description OpenSceneGraph model
ive-file-description Files with ive file extension can be found as 3D model based on the OpenSceneGraph toolkit.

iveproj-file-extension
iveproj-file-description Investigation Video Editor project
iveproj-file-description Files with iveproj extension can be typically found as video projects from Investigation Video Editor software.

iveset-file-extension
iveset-file-description Investigation Video Editor settings
iveset-file-description Files with iveset extension can be typically found as program settings for the Investigation Video Editor software.

ivex-file-extension
ivex-file-description Worldviz Vizard encrypted data
ivex-file-description Files with ivex file extension might be found as part of Worldviz Vizard virtual reality development software.

ivf-file-extension
ivf-file-description Indeo video recording
ivf-file-description Files with ivf file extension can be mostly found as some old videos recorded in the Indeo Video File format developed by Ligos Corporation.

ivi-file-extension
ivi-file-description MSDN InfoViewer topic data
ivi-file-description An ivi file extension is related to the MSDN InfoViewer, a part of Microsoft Visual Studio. An ivi file stores topic.

ivl-file-extension
ivl-file-description IBM ILOG JViews Maps map
ivl-file-description An ivl file extension is related to the IBM ILOG JViews Maps and used for its map files.

ivm-file-extension
ivm-file-description Interactive Visual Media video format
ivm-file-description Files with ivm file extension can be found as video files in Interactive Visual Media format.

ivml-file-extension
ivml-file-description INDENICA Variability Modelling Language data
ivml-file-description An ivml file extension is related to the INDENICA Variability Modelling Language data format.

ivn-file-extension
ivn-file-description Phase One Media Pro data
ivn-file-description An ivn file extension is related to the Phase One Media Pro software.

ivp-file-extension
ivp-file-description Beyond 20/20 user subset profile
ivp-file-description An ivp file extension is related to the Beyond 20/20 user subset profiles.

ivq-file-extension
ivq-file-description MSDN InfoViewer 5.0 index full-text search data
ivq-file-description An ivq file extension is related to the MSDN InfoViewer 5.0 index full-text search data format.

ivr-file-extension
ivr-file-description Virtual Reality World (iSeeMedia Image World)
ivr-file-description Files with ivr extension are used for Zoom Plugin Viewer application. They contain graphics data.

ivs-file-extension
ivs-file-description Internet streaming video
ivs-file-description Files with ivs extension are used as Internet streaming video file format. They include video file information.

ivt-file-extension
ivt-file-description Beyond 20/20 table aggregate data
ivt-file-description An ivt file extension is related to the OLAP Publishing software from Beyond 20/20 Inc. An ivt file contains table aggregate data.

ivu-file-extension
ivu-file-description ImmerVision XML user interface
ivu-file-description An ivu file extension is related to apps developed by ImmerVision. An ivu file stores XML user interface.

ivue-file-extension
ivue-file-description Live Picture image file
ivue-file-description Detailed description

ivwr-file-extension
ivwr-file-description IntelliView offline report
ivwr-file-description Files with ivwr file extension might be found as offline reports from IntelliView software platform.

ivx-file-extension
ivx-file-description Beyond 20/20 microdata directory
ivx-file-description Files with ivx extension are used for the Beyond 20/20.

iw-file-extension
iw-file-description Chain engineering database
iw-file-description An iw file extension is related to the Chain, an engineering software. An iw file stores database.

iw4-file-extension
iw4-file-description DjVu image format
iw4-file-description An .iw4 file stores digital picture image in DjVu image file format.

iw44-file-extension
iw44-file-description DjVu image format
iw44-file-description An iw44 file extension is related to the DjVu picture image file format.

iw5dlc-file-extension
iw5dlc-file-description Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 DLC data
iw5dlc-file-description An iw5dlc file extension is related to the Call Of Duty Modern Warfare 3. An iw5dlc file stores dlc content.

iwa-file-extension
iwa-file-description Apple iWork document archive
iwa-file-description Files with iwa file extension are saved in compression and encoding file format used to store Apple iWork document archives. These contain style settings for sheets, tables and other metadata.

iwb-file-extension
iwb-file-description Common File Format
iwb-file-description Files with iwb extension can be typically found in programs from SMART Technologies. These files are in saved in Common File Format and used for some sort of interactive whiteboards.

iwc-file-extension
iwc-file-description WaveLet format image format
iwc-file-description An iwc file extension is related to the WaveLet picture image format. An iwc file stores picture image.

iwcf-file-extension
iwcf-file-description Incomedia WebSite X5 data
iwcf-file-description An iwcf file extension is related to the Incomedia WebSite X5 software for Microsoft Windows.

iwd-file-extension
iwd-file-description Call of Duty game archive
iwd-file-description Files with iwd file extension  are in most cases game resource archives from the Call of Duty series of 3D action shooter computer game.

iwdgt-file-extension
iwdgt-file-description Apple iWeb widget
iwdgt-file-description An iwdgt file extension is related to the Apple iWeb a website creation tool. An iwdgt file stores widget.

iwg-file-extension
iwg-file-description ArcView DWG index
iwg-file-description An iwg file extension is related to ArcGIS for Desktop Basic and used for its index files.

iwi-file-extension
iwi-file-description Call of Duty skin
iwi-file-description Files with iwi suffix can be found as model skins used in Call of Duty computer game series.

iwl-file-extension
iwl-file-description WebSite X5 license data
iwl-file-description An iwl file extension is related to the WebSite X5 designing tool and used for its license files.

iwm-file-extension
iwm-file-description iWriteMusic song exchange format
iwm-file-description Files with iwm file extension are associated with iWriteMusic. They are used to transfer song from free to paid version of the program.

iwp-file-extension
iwp-file-description Website X5 project
iwp-file-description An iwp file extension is related to the Website X5 web design tool. An iwp file stores project created in the Website.

iwprj-file-extension
iwprj-file-description Website X5 project
iwprj-file-description An iwprj file extension is associated with the Website X5 web development tool. An iwprj file contains project.

iws-file-extension
iws-file-description Trojan-Downloader.JS.Agent data
iws-file-description An iws file extension is related to the Trojan-Downloader.JS.Agent, a malware for Windows.

iwt-file-extension
iwt-file-description Sunnysoft InterWrite full keyboard skin
iwt-file-description An iwt file extension is used by SunnysoftInterWrite for keyboard skin file.

iwtpk-file-extension
iwtpk-file-description Incomedia WebSite X5 template
iwtpk-file-description The iwtpk file extension is related to the Incomedia WebSite X5 template files.

iwtpl-file-extension
iwtpl-file-description WebSite X5 template
iwtpl-file-description An iwtpl file extension is related to the template format used by WebSite X5 application.

iwxdata-file-extension
iwxdata-file-description LabScribe data
iwxdata-file-description An iwxdata file extension is related to the LabScribe data recording and analysis software.

iwz-file-extension
iwz-file-description ItemWizard data
iwz-file-description Files with iwz file extension are used by MagicItem plugin for Content Manangement Utility a part of Hemingway Content Management System.

iwzip-file-extension
iwzip-file-description Website X5 project
iwzip-file-description Files with iwzip file extension can be found as projects from Website X5 program.

ix-file-extension
ix-file-description Corel WordPerfect Office template
ix-file-description Files with iex file suffix are related to the Corel WordPerfect Office and used for its template data.

ix2-file-extension
ix2-file-description Rebel chess program database
ix2-file-description An ix2 file extension is related to the Rebel, a chess software. An ix2 file contains chess database.

ix3-file-extension
ix3-file-description Instant.Exe 3.0 script
ix3-file-description An ix3 file extension is related to the Instant.Exe software and used for its script.

ix4-file-extension
ix4-file-description Rebel chess data
ix4-file-description Files with ix4 file extension might be found as part of Rebel chess game program.

ixa-file-extension
ixa-file-description Ulead disc image format file
ixa-file-description Files with ixa extension were associated with by some Ulead applications. They include some disc image format data.

ixb-file-extension
ixb-file-description Ulead disk image
ixb-file-description Files with ixb file extension can be perhaps found as old disk images prepared in one of the software originally marketed by Ulead, for example Burn.Now and MovieFactory.

ixc-file-extension
ixc-file-description ArcView geocoding index for read-write coverages
ixc-file-description An ixc file extension is related to the ArcView geocoding index for read-write coverages file format.

ixd-file-extension
ixd-file-description Videoalive Indexer extracted closed captions and metadata
ixd-file-description An ixd file extension is related to the Videoalive Indexer extracted closed captions and metadata files.

ixf-file-extension
ixf-file-description Integration Exchange Format file
ixf-file-description Files with ixf suffix are in most cases data files exported and saved in the Integration Exchange Format. Used to exchange data between IBM database software.

ixi-file-extension
ixi-file-description ixiQuarks preferences file
ixi-file-description Files with ixi extension are used for ixiQuarks audio software. They contain application preferences data.

ixl-file-extension
ixl-file-description DB/TextWorks database indexed list
ixl-file-description An ixl file extension is related to the DB/TextWorks and used for its database indexed list.

ixn-file-extension
ixn-file-description Mentor Graphics service pack data
ixn-file-description An ixn file extension is associated with the Mentor Graphics service pack data format.

ixo-file-extension
ixo-file-description LightCycler Software experiment data
ixo-file-description Files with ixo file extension can be typically found as some kind of experiment files for LightCycler Software by Roche Diagnostics.

ixr-file-extension
ixr-file-description Index+ report definition data
ixr-file-description An ixr file extension is related to the Index+ report definition file format.

ixs-file-extension
ixs-file-description ArcView geocoding index for read-write shape
ixs-file-description An ixs file extension is related to the ArcView and used for its geocoding index for read-write shape data.

ixv-file-extension
ixv-file-description IXOS application document
ixv-file-description Files with ixv file extension can be typically encountered as documents for the IXOS application.

ixw-file-extension
ixw-file-description ERDAS IMAGINE toolbar settings
ixw-file-description Files with ixw file extension can be found as toolbar settings from ERDAS IMAGINE program.

ixx-file-extension
ixx-file-description Modula-3 Linker information
ixx-file-description An ixx file extension is associated with the Modula-3 Linker and used for its information files. Probably obsolete.

ixy-file-extension
ixy-file-description ISIS schematic data
ixy-file-description An ixy file extension is associated with the ISIS schematic data format.

izd-file-extension
izd-file-description Intrexx application export format
izd-file-description An izd file extension is related to the Intrexx application export format.

ize-file-extension
ize-file-description IZArc encrypted archive
ize-file-description Files with ize extension can be typically found as encrypted compressed archives created using the IZArc, a compression tool for Microsoft Windows.

izp-file-extension
izp-file-description Dungeonforge data
izp-file-description An izp file extension is associated with the Dungeonforge, an easy-to-use map creation program for RPG games.

izs-file-extension
izs-file-description 1st Page 2000 JavaScript example data
izs-file-description An izs file extension is related to the 1st Page 2000 web editing software. An izs file contains JavaScript example.

izt-file-extension
izt-file-description IZT Binary Token file format
izt-file-description An izt file extension is associated with the IZT Binary Token file format.

izz-file-extension
izz-file-description Isadora media control project
izz-file-description An izz file extension is related to the Isadora, a media manipulation program. An izz file stores media control project.

izzy-file-extension
izzy-file-description Isadora project
izzy-file-description An izzy file extension is related to the Isadora software. An izzy file stores project from Isadora.

jad-file-extension
jad-file-description Java application descriptor file
jad-file-description Files with jad extension are in most cases Java Descriptor files, which generally describe MIDlets java applications.

jar-file-extension
jar-file-description Compressed archive file package for Java classes and data
jar-file-description A jar file extension is commonly used for Java archives, which often contain applets or applications. Used for java application distribution/installation purposes.

java-file-extension
java-file-description Java language source code
java-file-description A java file extension is related to JAVA programming language and used for its source code files.

jpeg-file-extension
jpeg-file-description JPEG bitmap image format
jpeg-file-description Files with jpeg extension can be commonly found as images in JPEG bitmap image format.

jpg-file-extension
jpg-file-description JPEG bitmap image

js-file-extension
js-file-description JavaScript source code script

json-file-extension
json-file-description JavaScript object notation data interchange format

jsp-file-extension
jsp-file-description JAVA Server page file
jsp-file-description A jsp file extension is associated with Java and used for a HTML page that contains references to a Java servlet. A servlet is a Java class that handles requests. It is generated from jsp files.

jws-file-extension
jws-file-description Oracle WebLogic Server Java Web Services data

j-file-extension
j-file-description Java source code
j-file-description Files with j file extension can be mainly found as Java source codes.

j01-file-extension
j01-file-description Akeeba Backup multi-part backup
j01-file-description A j01 file extension is related to the Akeeba Backup multi-part backup files.

j06-file-extension
j06-file-description Unknown file extension
j06-file-description Files with j06 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

j2-file-extension
j2-file-description Gargoyle story file
j2-file-description Files with j2 suffix can be most encountered as interactive story files for Gargoyle.

j2b-file-extension
j2b-file-description Jazz Jackrabbit 2 music data
j2b-file-description A j2b file extension is related to the Jazz Jackrabbit 2 computer game and used for its music files.

j2c-file-extension
j2c-file-description JPEG2000 image format
j2c-file-description A j2c file extension is related to the JPEG2000 picture image format.

j2d-file-extension
j2d-file-description Jazz Jackrabbit game data
j2d-file-description A .j2d file extension is related to the Jazz Jackrabbit a 2D action computer game. A j2d file contains various game data.

j2e-file-extension
j2e-file-description Jazz Jackrabbit 2 episode data
j2e-file-description Files with j2e extension can be found as part of Jazz Jackrabbit computer game. Episode file.

j2i-file-extension
j2i-file-description Jazz Jackrabbit 2 Internet Server Link
j2i-file-description A j2i file extension is related to the Jazz Jackrabbit 2 a platform action computer game developed by Epic Games. A j2i file stores Internet server link settings.

j2k-file-extension
j2k-file-description JPEG2000 code stream image
j2k-file-description File with j2k file extension can be usually found as pictures saved in the JPEG2000 code stream image format.

j2l-file-extension
j2l-file-description Jazz Jackrabbit 2 level data
j2l-file-description A j2l file extension is associated with the Jazz Jackrabit 2 video game. A j2l file contains level data.

j2si-file-extension
j2si-file-description Jazz Jackrabbit 2 Internet Server Link
j2si-file-description A j2si file extension is related to the Jazz Jackrabbit 2, an action platform computer game for Microsoft Windows. A j2si file stores internet server link data.

j2t-file-extension
j2t-file-description Jazz Jackrabbit 2 tile set
j2t-file-description A j2t file extension is associated with the Jazz Jackrabbit 2 video game. A j2t file contains tile set.

j2w-file-extension
j2w-file-description ArcExplorer world
j2w-file-description A j2w file extension is related to ArcExplorer and other GIS apps developed by Esri. A j2w file contains real-world transformation information.

j3b-file-extension
j3b-file-description Digital Juice data
j3b-file-description Files with j3b file suffix are related to the Digital Juice data format.

j3d-file-extension
j3d-file-description Java 3D object
j3d-file-description A j3d file extension is related to the Java 3D, an API for writing 3D graphics apps.

j3md-file-extension
j3md-file-description jMonkeyEngine material data
j3md-file-description A j3md file extension is related to the jMonkeyEngine material data format.

j3o-file-extension
j3o-file-description jMonkeyEngine 3D model
j3o-file-description Files with j3o file extension are associated with the jMonkeyEngine 3D model format.

j64-file-extension
j64-file-description Virtual Jaguar ROM image
j64-file-description Files with j64 file extension can be found as ROM images for some Virtual Jaguar emulators.

j6i-file-extension
j6i-file-description Ricoh Digital Camera image file
j6i-file-description Files with j6i extension are used only for Ricoh cameras.

j8e-file-extension
j8e-file-description Arturia Jupiter-8V bank
j8e-file-description A j8e file extension is related to the Arturia Jupiter-8V software.

ja-file-extension
ja-file-description Japanese language translation
ja-file-description A ja file extension is related to the Japanese language translation files used by many software programs.

jaas-file-extension
jaas-file-description Java Authentication and Authorization Service settings
jaas-file-description A jaas file extension is related to the Java Authentication and Authorization Service. A jaas file stores settings.

jab-file-extension
jab-file-description JAABA project
jab-file-description A jab file extension is related to the Janelia Automatic Animal Behavior Annotator. A jab file contains project.

jacksum-file-extension
jacksum-file-description Jacksum data
jacksum-file-description A .jacksum file extension is related to the Jacksum software and used for its data files.

jacl-file-extension
jacl-file-description IBM WebSphere server script
jacl-file-description A jacl file extension is related to the IBM WebSphere server script file format.

jadd-file-extension
jadd-file-description JastAdd imperative aspect
jadd-file-description Files with jadd file suffix are associated with the JastAdd imperative aspect data.

jade-file-extension
jade-file-description Jade programming language source code
jade-file-description A jade file extension is related to the Jade programming language and used for its source code files.

jaf-file-extension
jaf-file-description Just A Frequency Logger backup file
jaf-file-description Files with jaf extension may be also found as backup files from Just A Frequency Logger software.

jag-file-extension
jag-file-description Atari Jaguar JPEG compressed image
jag-file-description Files with jag extension are used for gaming console Atari Jaguar. They contain compressed graphics images.

jai-file-extension
jai-file-description Jaikoz settings file
jai-file-description Files with jai suffix might be found as settings from Jaikoz Audio Tagger.

jak-file-extension
jak-file-description AHEAD Tool Suite data
jak-file-description A jak file extension is related to AHEAD Tool Suite and used for its source code files written in JAK language.

jam-file-extension
jam-file-description Leisure Suit Larry Magna Cum Laude archive
jam-file-description Files with jam file extension could also be found as game data resource files from Leisure Suit Larry: Magna Cum Laude adventure computer game.

jammix-file-extension
jammix-file-description Jammix Enhancer music transform data
jammix-file-description Files with jammix file extension can be found as music transform files from Jammix Enhancer plugin for Winamp.

jan-file-extension
jan-file-description Janome Digitizer embroidery design
jan-file-description Files with jan suffix can be typically found as embroidery object files from Janome Digitizer.

jap-file-extension
jap-file-description FIFA World Cup game data fe art legalscr data
jap-file-description Files with jap file extension can mainly be found as one of the data files used in FIFA World Cup computer game.

jar.pack-file-extension
jar.pack-file-description Oracle Pack200 packed JAR archive
jar.pack-file-description A jar.pack file extension is related to the Oracle Pack200 and used for packed JAR files.

jardesc-file-extension
jardesc-file-description Eclipse JAR settings
jardesc-file-description A jardesc file extension is related to the Eclipse, an integrated development software. A jardesc file contains settings.

jar_new-file-extension
jar_new-file-description WOW! data
jar_new-file-description Files with jar_new file extension is associated with the WOW! program for Microsoft Windows.

jas-file-extension
jas-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro bitmap graphics file
jas-file-description Files with jas extension are used for Corel Paint Shop Pro program. They contain bitmap image data.

jascproject-file-extension
jascproject-file-description Jasc Paint Shop Photo Album project
jascproject-file-description A jascproject file stores project created in the Jasc Paint Shop Photo Album.

jaskin-file-extension
jaskin-file-description JAlbum skin
jaskin-file-description A jaskin file extension is related to the JAlbum application and used for its skin files.

jasper-file-extension
jasper-file-description JasperReports data
jasper-file-description A jasper file extension is related to the JasperReports software and used for its data files.

jav-file-extension
jav-file-description Java language source code
jav-file-description Files with jav extension are related to the Java programming language. A jav file contains Java source code.

javajet-file-extension
javajet-file-description Eclipse JET Java template file
javajet-file-description Files with javajet extension are used by the Eclipse tool. It is a template file format with Java source code generated by the tool.

jaw-file-extension
jaw-file-description Ichitaro data
jaw-file-description A jaw file extension is related to the Ichitaro, a Japanese word processor.

jax-file-extension
jax-file-description Java executable JAR file
jax-file-description Files with jax file extension are associated with executable Java JAR file. They include special entries to recognize, which one in the jar is the main one.

jb2-file-extension
jb2-file-description JBIG2 image
jb2-file-description A jb2 file extension is related to the JBIG2 a picture image file format.

jbackup-file-extension
jbackup-file-description The Journal backup archive
jbackup-file-description Files with jbackup file extension are related to The Journal backup archive format.

jbb-file-extension
jbb-file-description jbead data
jbb-file-description A jbb file extension is associated with the jbead application for Windows, Mac and Linux.

jbc-file-extension
jbc-file-description Jetico BestCrypt container
jbc-file-description A jbc file is used by Jetico BestCrypt software and contains encrypted data.

jbeam-file-extension
jbeam-file-description BeamNG vehicle definition format
jbeam-file-description A jbeam file extension is related to the BeamNG vehicle definition format.

jbf-file-extension
jbf-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro image browser data
jbf-file-description A jbf file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Photo and used for its image browser files.

jbg-file-extension
jbg-file-description Image JBIG 1-bit raster image
jbg-file-description Files with jbg extension can be mainly found as images saved in JBIG graphics format. Typically used on fax machines.

jbi-file-extension
jbi-file-description Motoman robot job
jbi-file-description A jbi file extension is related to the Motoman robot developed by Yaskawa. A jbi file stores job.

jbig-file-extension
jbig-file-description JBIG raster image graphics
jbig-file-description A jbig file extension is associated with the BIG raster image graphics format.

jbig2-file-extension
jbig2-file-description STDU Viewer JBIG picture image
jbig2-file-description A jbig2 file extension is related to the JBIG2 an image compression standard for bi-level images, developed by the Joint Bi-level Image Experts Group.

jbk-file-extension
jbk-file-description Juno backup file
jbk-file-description Files with jbk suffix are in most cases backup files, for example those created using Juno service.

jbl-file-extension
jbl-file-description Doom scene add-on
jbl-file-description A jbl file extension is related to the Doom video game. A jbl file contains scene add-on.

jbm-file-extension
jbm-file-description Jbmgen data
jbm-file-description Files with jbm file extension are created by the jbmgen script for Archos GMini mp3 players.

jbp-file-extension
jbp-file-description Jabaco project
jbp-file-description Files with jbp file extension are commonly used by Jabaco development tool. A jbp file contains programming project.

jbr-file-extension
jbr-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro brushes file
jbr-file-description Files with jbr extension are used by the Corel Paint Shop Pro application.

jbs-file-extension
jbs-file-description DesignArt vector graphics file
jbs-file-description Files with jbs extension are used for the DesignArt software. These files contain graphics vector data.

jbt-file-extension
jbt-file-description JAWS settings
jbt-file-description Files with jbt file extension might be found as configuration or setting files from JAWS speech synthetizer.

jbw-file-extension
jbw-file-description Scitor Project Scheduler schedule data
jbw-file-description A jbw file extension is related to the Scitor Project Scheduler program. A jbw file schedule data.

jbx-file-extension
jbx-file-description Project Scheduler data
jbx-file-description A jbx file extension is related to the Project Scheduler software.

jbz-file-extension
jbz-file-description Jawbone Updater data
jbz-file-description Files with jbz file extension are related to the Jawbone Updater. A jbz file contains data.

jc-file-extension
jc-file-description FlashGet partial download file
jc-file-description Files with jc extension are used by FlashGet software. They include incomplete download data, after the download is completely done, the program renames jc extension file to its original file extension.

jc%21-file-extension
jc%21-file-description FlashGet incomplete download
jc%21-file-description A jc! file extension is related to the FlashGet download manager. A .jc! file contains incomplete download.

jcb-file-extension
jcb-file-description CB-JCBrooke song module
jcb-file-description A jcb file extension is related to the CB-JCBrooke song module format. Probably obsolete.

jcc-file-extension
jcc-file-description Code Crusader project data
jcc-file-description A jcc file extension is related to the Code Crusader project data files.

jccfg3-file-extension
jccfg3-file-description FlashGet incomplete download
jccfg3-file-description Files with jccfg3 file extension are incomplete downloads saved by the FlashGet download Manager.

jcd-file-extension
jcd-file-description FlashGet saved data
jcd-file-description A jcd file extension is related to the FlashGet a download manager for Microsoft Windows and used for its temporary saved data.

jcf-file-extension
jcf-file-description JAWS configuration file
jcf-file-description Files with jcf extension are used for JAWS. They contain configuration data.

jci-file-extension
jci-file-description PSDsoft Express JTAG chain information
jci-file-description A jci file extension is related to the PSDsoft Express JTAG chain information format.

jck-file-extension
jck-file-description Microsoft Liquid Motion JACK scene description
jck-file-description A jck file extension is related to the Microsoft Liquid Motion. A jck file stores scene description.

jcl-file-extension
jcl-file-description IBM Job Control Language file format
jcl-file-description Files with jcl extension are used for Job Control Language, developed by IBM for mainframes.

jclic-file-extension
jclic-file-description JClic project file
jclic-file-description Files with jclic extension are used by the JClic Java application. They include some saved educational project.

jcm-file-extension
jcm-file-description Java commerce message
jcm-file-description A jcm file extension is related to the Java run-time framework for various platforms. A jcm file contains commerce message.

jcn-file-extension
jcn-file-description JobClock TimeSummit data
jcn-file-description A jcn file extension is related to the JobClock TimeSummit file format.

jcp-file-extension
jcp-file-description Jesusonic preset
jcp-file-description A jcp file extension is related to the Jesusonic text FX processor for guitar processing. A jcp file stores preset files.

jcr-file-extension
jcr-file-description QNonograms puzzle
jcr-file-description A jcr file extension is related to the QNonograms and used for its puzzle files.

jcrypt-file-extension
jcrypt-file-description JCRYPT encrypted file
jcrypt-file-description Files with jcrypt extension are used by the same-named JCRYPT program. They store some kind of encrypted data.

jcs-file-extension
jcs-file-description Java control source data
jcs-file-description A jcs file extension is related to the Java and used for its control source data.

jcsk-file-extension
jcsk-file-description jetCast skin
jcsk-file-description A jcsk file extension is associated with the jetCast a music streaming software. A jcsk file stores skin.

jct-file-extension
jct-file-description JCT file
jct-file-description Files with jct extension are used for JCT program. They are used for navigation and map files.

jcv-file-extension
jcv-file-description JC Video Systems data
jcv-file-description A jcv file extension is related to the JC Video Systems software.

jcw-file-extension
jcw-file-description JCreator workspace
jcw-file-description A jcw file extension is related to the JCreator development tool. A jcw file contains workspace.

jcx-file-extension
jcx-file-description JetAudio JetChat data
jcx-file-description A jcx file extension is used by  JetAudio for its JetChat files.

jcz-file-extension
jcz-file-description Microsoft Liquid Motion animation file
jcz-file-description Detailed description

jc_-file-extension
jc_-file-description Unknown file extension
jc_-file-description Files with jc_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

jd-file-extension
jd-file-description JDownloader data
jd-file-description A jd file extension is related to the JDownloader, a free download management tool. A jd file contains data.

jda-file-extension
jda-file-description Winphone Fax Send Journal data
jda-file-description Files with jda file extension might be found as old Winphone Fax Send Journals. Seems it was used in the past in a long forgotten program.

jdb-file-extension
jdb-file-description Norton Antivirus definiton update file format
jdb-file-description A jdb file extension is related to the Norton Antivirus and Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager and used for their definition updates.

jdc-file-extension
jdc-file-description JDownloader links
jdc-file-description A jdc file extension is related to JDownloader and used for its links files.

jdd-file-extension
jdd-file-description Globus Toolkit job description document
jdd-file-description A jdd file extension is related to the Globus Toolkit job description document format.

jde-file-extension
jde-file-description Cariverona data
jde-file-description A jde file extension is related to the Cariverona software.

jdf-file-extension
jdf-file-description Turok 2 game data
jdf-file-description Files with jdf file extension are related to the Turok 2 game data.

jdm-file-extension
jdm-file-description Jade diagram file
jdm-file-description A jdm file extension is related to the Jade a diagram editor. A jdm file stores diagram.

jdp-file-extension
jdp-file-description BlackBerry JDE data
jdp-file-description A jpd file extension related to the BlackBerry Development Environment used to create programs for BlackBerry smart phones.

jds-file-extension
jds-file-description JDataStore database
jds-file-description A jds file extension is associated with the JDataStore database file format.

jdt-file-extension
jdt-file-description Accelio Capture Classic filler data
jdt-file-description A jdt file extension is related to the Accelio Capture Classic and used for its filler data.

jdw-file-extension
jdw-file-description BlackBerry JDE data
jdw-file-description Files with jdw file extension are related to the BlackBerry JDE (Java Development Environment).

jdx-file-extension
jdx-file-description JSpell dictionary file
jdx-file-description Files with jdx suffix are in most cases special dictonary files for JSPell software.

jeb-file-extension
jeb-file-description PENSIM output
jeb-file-description Files with jeb file extension might be found as PENSIM output files. PENSIM is some sort of analysis model for retirement income and pensions.

jed-file-extension
jed-file-description Xilinx Integrated Software Environment device configuration information
jed-file-description Files with jed file extension are used for Xilinx Joint Electron Device Engineering Council. They include its device configuration information data.

jef-file-extension
jef-file-description Janome embroidery layout
jef-file-description Files with jef extension are used for the default embroidery file format in Janome sewing and stitching machines. It is one of the many industrial embroidery formats and widely supported by other software, such as Embird.

jeff-file-extension
jeff-file-description Java Explanation Facility Framework data
jeff-file-description A jeff file extension is related to the Java Explanation Facility Framework and used for its data files.

jeg-file-extension
jeg-file-description Embroidery format
jeg-file-description A jeg file extension is related to the obsolete embroidery format.

jeopardysavedgame-file-extension
jeopardysavedgame-file-description Jeopardy saved game
jeopardysavedgame-file-description The jeopardysavedgame file extension is related to the Jeopardy saved game files.

jeq-file-extension
jeq-file-description jetAudio EQ preset
jeq-file-description A jeq file extension is related to the jetAudio and used for its EQ preset files.

jet-file-extension
jet-file-description Microsoft JET database
jet-file-description Files with jet extension can be most often found as databases in Microsoft JET database file format.

jetinc-file-extension
jetinc-file-description Eclipse IDE template fragment
jetinc-file-description A jetinc file extension is related to the Eclipse IDE template fragment file format.

jewelquest2savedgame-file-extension
jewelquest2savedgame-file-description Jewel Quest saved game
jewelquest2savedgame-file-description A jewelquest2savedgame file extension is related to the Jewel Quest saved game files.

jewelquestheritagesavedgame-file-extension
jewelquestheritagesavedgame-file-description Jewel Quest saved game
jewelquestheritagesavedgame-file-description The jewelquestheritagesavedgame file extension is related to the Jewel Quest saved game files.

jewelquestsavedgame-file-extension
jewelquestsavedgame-file-description Jewel Quest saved game
jewelquestsavedgame-file-description A jewelquestsavedgame file extension is related to the Jewel Quest video game. A jewelquestsavedgame file contains saved game.

jewelquestsolitaire2savedgame-file-extension
jewelquestsolitaire2savedgame-file-description Jewel Quest saved game
jewelquestsolitaire2savedgame-file-description The jewelquestsolitaire2savedgame file extension is related to the Jewel Quest saved game files.

jewelthiefsavedgame-file-extension
jewelthiefsavedgame-file-description Jewel Thief saved game
jewelthiefsavedgame-file-description The jewelthiefsavedgame file extension is related to the Jewel Thief computer game.

jex-file-extension
jex-file-description JExpress project
jex-file-description A jex file extension is associated with the JExpress, a program for various platforms used to update other apps.

jfc-file-extension
jfc-file-description JWPce flash card data
jfc-file-description A jfc file extension is related to the JWPce flash card data format.

jfd-file-extension
jfd-file-description JAWS synopsis data
jfd-file-description A jfd file extension is related to the JAWS program. A .jfd file contains synopsis data.

jff-file-extension
jff-file-description JAWS ini data
jff-file-description A jff file extension is related to the JAWS, a Windows screen reading program. A jff file stores ini data.

jffs2-file-extension
jffs2-file-description Journalling Flash File System 2 disk image
jffs2-file-description Files with jffs2 file extension are related to disk image format based on Journalling Flash File System 2 developed by Red Hat. Used on Linux.

jfi-file-extension
jfi-file-description JPEG File Interchange Format
jfi-file-description A jfi file extension is related to the JPEG File Interchange Format.

jfif-file-extension
jfif-file-description JPEG Interchange format
jfif-file-description Files with jfif file extension can be most often encountered as special type of JPEG Interchange file format that is used to exchange JPEG bitstreams between a wide variety of platforms.

jfif-tbnl-file-extension
jfif-tbnl-file-description JPEG picture
jfif-tbnl-file-description A jfif-tbnl file extension is very rare used for picture images stored in JPEG picture file format.

jfl-file-extension
jfl-file-description SigmaPlot data
jfl-file-description A jfl file extension is related to the SigmaPlot graph drawing app.

jfm-file-extension
jfm-file-description JetForm Filler form
jfm-file-description Files with jfm file extension are in most cases old forms from now discontinued JetForm Filler software.

jfr-file-extension
jfr-file-description WJVN fragment
jfr-file-description A jfr file extension is related to the WJVN software. A jfr file contains cell-assembly fragment data.

jfs-file-extension
jfs-file-description Linux/Unix Journaling file system
jfs-file-description A jfs file extension is related to the Journaling file system used by Unix and Linux based operating systems.

jfx-file-extension
jfx-file-description J2 fax document
jfx-file-description Files with jfx file extension can be usually encountered as electronic fax documents saved in special J2 fax format.

jg0-file-extension
jg0-file-description GameBoid saved game
jg0-file-description A jg0 file extension is related to the GameBoid, an emulator of Nintendo GBA for Google Android. A jg0 file stores saved player's progress in the game.

jg4-file-extension
jg4-file-description BigJig jigsaw puzzle data
jg4-file-description A jg4 file extension is related to the BigJig jigsaw puzzle data format.

jg6-file-extension
jg6-file-description BigJig jigsaw data
jg6-file-description Files with jg6 file extension are related to the BigJig jigsaw data.

jgc-file-extension
jgc-file-description JGCGen script
jgc-file-description A jgc file extension is related to the JGCGen, a G-Code preprocessor. A jgc file stores script.

jgcscs-file-extension
jgcscs-file-description EditPad syntax scheme
jgcscs-file-description A jgcscs file extension is related to the EditPad, a text and source codes editing software. A jgcscs file contains source code highlighting settings.

jgd-file-extension
jgd-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro gradients file
jgd-file-description Files with jgd extension are used by Corel Paint Shop Pro software. They include gradients data.

jgf-file-extension
jgf-file-description JAWS INI settings
jgf-file-description A jgf file extension is related to the JAWS and used for its INI settings files.

jgp-file-extension
jgp-file-description QWS3270 PLUS session parameter data
jgp-file-description Files with jgp file extension are used for QWS3270 PLUS emulator. Files include session parameters.

jgs-file-extension
jgs-file-description QWS3270 PLUS script
jgs-file-description Files with jgs file extension can be found as scripts for the QWS3270 PLUS emulation software.

jgw-file-extension
jgw-file-description JPEG world data
jgw-file-description A jgw file extension is related to the JPEG world file format used to store real world coordinate information.

jgwx-file-extension
jgwx-file-description Blender GIS world data
jgwx-file-description Files with jgwx file extension are commonly used for Blender GIS world files.

jgz-file-extension
jgz-file-description Gzipped JavaScript script
jgz-file-description A jgz file extension is related to the Gzipped JavaScript script format.

jhd-file-extension
jhd-file-description Jagannatha Hora document
jhd-file-description The jhd file extension is related to the Jagannatha Hora document file format.

jhm-file-extension
jhm-file-description Java Help mapping data
jhm-file-description Files with jhm file extension can be found as JavaHelp mapping files.

jhtml-file-extension
jhtml-file-description Java HTML (ATG Dynamo) web page
jhtml-file-description Files with jhtml file extension can be found as dynamic webpages that usually contain Java code that is processed by servers.

ji-file-extension
ji-file-description Join-Calculus interface source code
ji-file-description A ji file extension is related to the Join-Calculus interface source code format.

jia-file-extension
jia-file-description Digital Photo Navigator album
jia-file-description Files with jia extension are used by JVC's Digital Photo Navigator.

jiaf-file-extension
jiaf-file-description ppfilm document
jiaf-file-description A jiaf file extension is related to the ppfilm document file format.

jias-file-extension
jias-file-description ppfilm document
jias-file-description A jias file extension is related to the ppfilm document file format.

jib-file-extension
jib-file-description sam2p JIB data
jib-file-description A jib file extension is related to the sam2p command line converter. A jib file contains data.

jic-file-extension
jic-file-description Java icon file
jic-file-description Files with jic extension are used as Java cross-platform icon format. They are compressed files.

jif-file-extension
jif-file-description JPEG Interchange format file
jif-file-description Files with jif file extension can be usually found as graphics files saved in JPEG File Interchange Format (JFIF).

jiff-file-extension
jiff-file-description JPG bitmap image
jiff-file-description Files with jiff extension can be found as images in TIFF-like format using JPEG compression algorithm.

jig-file-extension
jig-file-description GameHouse Puzzle Jigsaw game data
jig-file-description A jig file extension is related to the Puzzle Jigsaw a series of puzzle solving video games. A jig file stores game data.

jigsaw-file-extension
jigsaw-file-description Jigsaw Explorer puzzle
jigsaw-file-description A jigsaw file extension is related to the Jigsaw Explorer. A jigsaw file stores puzzle.

jigz-file-extension
jigz-file-description Jiggsaw Puzzle file
jigz-file-description Detailed description

jim-file-extension
jim-file-description JIRA importers plugin
jim-file-description A jim file extension is related to JIRA planning on-line service. A jim file stores JIRA importers plugin.

jio-file-extension
jio-file-description Join-Calculus JCC compiled interface
jio-file-description A jio file extension is associated with the Join-Calculus JCC compiled interface format.

jip-file-extension
jip-file-description JIP Analysis Toolkit image
jip-file-description A jip file extension is related to the JIP Analysis Toolkit image format.

jis-file-extension
jis-file-description Japanese Industry Standard text
jis-file-description A jis file extension is related to the Japanese Industry Standard.

jisp-file-extension
jisp-file-description Tkabber emoticon set
jisp-file-description A jisp file extension is related to the Tkabber instant messaging client. A jisp file stores emoticon set.

jit-file-extension
jit-file-description Aika Online texture data
jit-file-description A jit file extension is related to the Aika Online texture file format.

jj-file-extension
jj-file-description Doodle C64 Compressed image format
jj-file-description Files with jj file extension could in the past be found as drawings made in Doodle program on Commodore 64.

jjc-file-extension
jjc-file-description Canvas compressed audio
jjc-file-description A jjc file extension is related to the MIDI software called Canvas. A jjc file stores compressed audio.

jjf-file-extension
jjf-file-description Flash Jester Jugglor data
jjf-file-description A jff file extension is related to the Flash Jester Jugglor and used for its data files.

jjjs-file-extension
jjjs-file-description Claris Organizer data
jjjs-file-description A jjjs file extension is related to the Claris Organizer from ClarisWorks. A jjjs file contains data.

jkb-file-extension
jkb-file-description Quake 3 Arena bot AI data
jkb-file-description A jkb file extension is related to the Quake 3 Arena video game. A jkb file contains bot AI data.

jkl-file-extension
jkl-file-description Jedi Knight file
jkl-file-description Files with jkl extension are used by the Star Wars Jedi Knight computer game. They are used as one of the game data file format.

jkm-file-extension
jkm-file-description JAWS ini configuration file
jkm-file-description Files with jkm extension are used by the JAWS program.

jks-file-extension
jks-file-description Jedi Knight saved game
jks-file-description A jks file extension is related to the Jedi Knight, a 3D action shooting computer game series developed by LucasArts. A jks file stores saved game progress.

jl-file-extension
jl-file-description Julia source code
jl-file-description Files with jl file extension can be typically encountered as source codes written in the Julia high-level programming language.

jlb-file-extension
jlb-file-description PAC Mate BX keyboard driver
jlb-file-description A jlb file extension is related to the PAC Mate BX keyboard driver used by portable computers developed by Freedom Scientific.

jlc-file-extension
jlc-file-description Byte compiled Lisp-based script
jlc-file-description A jlc file extension is related to the Byte compiled Lisp-based script files.

jlm-file-extension
jlm-file-description IBM ILOG JViews Maps license manager keys data
jlm-file-description Files with jlm file extension are related to the IBM ILOG JViews Maps license manager keys data.

jlp-file-extension
jlp-file-description Jumplist Extender data
jlp-file-description A jlp file extension is related to the Jumplist Extender software.

jlqm-file-extension
jlqm-file-description LG QuickMemo note
jlqm-file-description Files with jlqm extension are in most cases memo notes from app called QuickMemo for LG smartphones.

jlr-file-extension
jlr-file-description jetAudio Lyric data
jlr-file-description A jlr file extension is related to the JetAudio and used for its Lyric files.

jls-file-extension
jls-file-description JPEG-LS image format
jls-file-description A jls file extension is related to the JPEG-LS image format. A jls file stores picture image.

jlt-file-extension
jlt-file-description HP SmartStream print data
jlt-file-description Files with jlt file extension can be found a special print files from HP Smart Stream program.

jlw-file-extension
jlw-file-description Audio data
jlw-file-description Files with jlw file extension can be found as some old compressed audio files.

jlx-file-extension
jlx-file-description JLex code
jlx-file-description Files with jlx file extension are related to the JLex code format.

jma-file-extension
jma-file-description NSRT compressed game data
jma-file-description Files with jma file extension can be found as compressed game ROMs from Super Nintendo gaming device made in NSRT utility.

jmap-file-extension
jmap-file-description CodeWarrior data
jmap-file-description A jmap file extension is related to the CodeWarrior a development tool. A jmap file stores data.

jmc-file-extension
jmc-file-description JM-Crypt encrypted data
jmc-file-description A jmc file extension is related to the JM-Crypt encrypted file format.

jmce-file-extension
jmce-file-description JM-Crypt encrypted file
jmce-file-description A jmce file extension is associated with the JM-Crypt a program for Microsoft Windows.

jmck-file-extension
jmck-file-description JM-Crypt encrypted file
jmck-file-description Files with jmck file extension are used by JM-Crypt, a program for Windows.

jmcp-file-extension
jmcp-file-description JM-Crypt encrypted file
jmcp-file-description A jmcp file extension is related to the JM-Crypt, an application for protect sensitive data.

jmcr-file-extension
jmcr-file-description JM-Crypt encrypted file
jmcr-file-description Files with jmcr file extension is related to the JM-Crypt and used for its encrypted files.

jmcx-file-extension
jmcx-file-description JM-Crypt encrypted data
jmcx-file-description A jmcx file extension is associated with the JM-Crypt encryption file format.

jmd-file-extension
jmd-file-description Corel PaintShop Pro image map settings
jmd-file-description A file extension jmd is related to the Corel PaintShop Pro picture image editing. A jmd file contains image map settings.

jmf-file-extension
jmf-file-description Java Media Framework data
jmf-file-description A jmf file extension is related to the Java Media Framework that is sued to add audio, video to Java apps.

jmg-file-extension
jmg-file-description Bitmap image
jmg-file-description Files with jmg file extension can be found as old 16-bit compressed bitmap images.

jmh-file-extension
jmh-file-description JPEG File Interchange Format bitmap image
jmh-file-description The jmh file extension is related to the JPEG File Interchange Format bitmap image.

jmk-file-extension
jmk-file-description JX makefile
jmk-file-description A jmk file extension is associated with the JX, a C++ app framework. A jmk file contains makefile.

jml-file-extension
jml-file-description Java Modeling Language specification data
jml-file-description A jml file extension is related to the Java Modeling Language and used for JML specification files.

jmm-file-extension
jmm-file-description JVC recorded multimedia data
jmm-file-description A jmm file extension is related to the JVC recorded multimedia file format for digital cameras and digital video recorders.

jmo-file-extension
jmo-file-description jMonkeyEngine model
jmo-file-description Files with jmo file extension are related to the jMonkeyEngine models.

jmp-file-extension
jmp-file-description SAS JMP discovery chart-to-statistics
jmp-file-description A jmp file extension is related to the SAS JMP discovery chart-to-statistics data.

jms-file-extension
jms-file-description Voxtron TeleButler interactive voice response call flow
jms-file-description A jms file extension is related to the Voxtron TeleButler program. A jms file contains interactive voice response call flow.

jmt-file-extension
jmt-file-description JMatch data
jmt-file-description A jmt file extension is related to the Hot Potatoes JMatch app. A jmt file contains some kind of data.

jmv-file-extension
jmv-file-description Jnes record
jmv-file-description A jmv file extension is related to the Jnes an emulator of NES gaming console.

jmx-file-extension
jmx-file-description Apache JMeter data
jmx-file-description Files with jmx extension are typically related to the Apache JMeter software used to test performance of static and dynamic resources.

jn1-file-extension
jn1-file-description Jill of the Jungle game data
jn1-file-description A jn1 file extension is related to the Jill of the Jungle computer game. A jn1 file stores game data.

jnb-file-extension
jnb-file-description SigmaPlot workbook
jnb-file-description Files with jnb extension may be found as spreadsheet workbook created in the SigmaPlot software.

jnc-file-extension
jnc-file-description Communication log
jnc-file-description Files with jnc file extension can be found as some very old communication log files.

jng-file-extension
jng-file-description JPEG Network Graphic
jng-file-description Files with jng file extension can be found as special images saved in JPEG Network Graphic format.

jnilib-file-extension
jnilib-file-description Java JNI library
jnilib-file-description A jnilib file extension is related to the Java JNI library file format.

jnk-file-extension
jnk-file-description Junk temporary data
jnk-file-description Files with jnk file extension can occasionally be found as junk, some sort of temporary files.

jnl-file-extension
jnl-file-description WinDev log
jnl-file-description Files with jnl file extension may be typically encountered as log files from WinDev IDE.

jnlp-file-extension
jnlp-file-description Java Network Launching Protocol settings
jnlp-file-description Files with jnlp extension can be most often found as settings files for the Java Network Launching Protocol that is used for launching Java programs on internet or as standalone applications over a private network.

jnt-file-extension
jnt-file-description Microsoft Windows Journal note file
jnt-file-description Files with jnt file extension can be found as notes saved using the Microsoft Windows Journal software.

jnx-file-extension
jnx-file-description Garmin raster map
jnx-file-description Files with jnx extension might be found as Garmin raster maps from BirdsEye service.

jo-file-extension
jo-file-description Jo audio
jo-file-description Files with jo file extension can be found as audio files in some rare French format. Playable with Jo media player.

job-file-extension
job-file-description Microsoft Windows Task Scheduler task object
job-file-description Files with job extension store definitions and shedues for the Microsoft Windows Task Scheduler.

joboptions-file-extension
joboptions-file-description Adobe Acrobat job options data
joboptions-file-description A joboptions file extension is associated with the Adobe Acrobat and other applications developed by Adobe.

jobs-file-extension
jobs-file-description VirtualDub job file
jobs-file-description Files with jobs extension are used by the VirtualDub software. They include some pre-defined operations data.

joc-file-extension
joc-file-description Context4 data
joc-file-description A joc file extension is related to the Context4 word processing tool.

jod-file-extension
jod-file-description Microsoft Jet OLE DB related data
jod-file-description A jod file extension is related to the Microsoft Jet OLE DB related data format.

joe-file-extension
joe-file-description .joe Editor document
joe-file-description A .joe file extension is associated with the .joe Editor for Windows and used for its document files.

joi-file-extension
joi-file-description XBoard join conferences data
joi-file-description A joi file extension is related to the XBoard and used for its join conferences data.

joined-file-extension
joined-file-description HJSplit data
joined-file-description A joined file extension is related to the HJSplit software for various platforms. A joined file stores data.

jojosfashionshowsavedgame-file-extension
jojosfashionshowsavedgame-file-description Jojo Fashion Show saved game
jojosfashionshowsavedgame-file-description A jojosfashionshowsavedgame file extension is related to the Jojo Fashion Show saved game files.

joml-file-extension
joml-file-description JOOB Object Modelling Language data
joml-file-description Files with joml file extension are related to the JOOB Object Modelling Language data.

jomproj-file-extension
jomproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio JOOB object model project file
jomproj-file-description Detailed description

jor-file-extension
jor-file-description Gupta SQLWindows journal
jor-file-description A jor file extension is related to the Gupta SQLWindows and used for its journal files.

jot-file-extension
jot-file-description Jot+ Notes note data
jot-file-description A jot file extension is related to the Jot+ Notes and used for its note data.

jou-file-extension
jou-file-description VAX Edt editor journal
jou-file-description Files with jou file extension are kindred to VAX. It was developed in 1970s by Digital equipment Corporation.

journal-file-extension
journal-file-description Equitrac cache
journal-file-description A journal file extension is related to Equitrac, printing tool from Nuance Communications.

journal.doc-file-extension
journal.doc-file-description SolidWorks design journal template
journal.doc-file-description A journal.doc file extension is related to the SolidWorks a 3D modeling tool. A journal.doc file contains template.

journal_info_block-file-extension
journal_info_block-file-description Apple Mac filesystem
journal_info_block-file-description A journal_info_block file extension is related to Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system.

joy-file-extension
joy-file-description Trackjoy sound file
joy-file-description Files with joy extension are used by the Trackjoy music software.

jp0-file-extension
jp0-file-description Unknown file extension
jp0-file-description Files with jp0 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

jp1-file-extension
jp1-file-description Japanese (Romaji) text file
jp1-file-description Files with jp1 extension are storing text documents with Japanese characters encoded in ASCII.

jp2-file-extension
jp2-file-description JPEG 2000 (ISO 15444-1) picture
jp2-file-description Files with jp2 file extension can be typically found as pictures or digital photos saved in special JPEG 2000 image format.

jp2_-file-extension
jp2_-file-description JPEG 2000 picture image
jp2_-file-description A jp2_ file extension is associated with the JPEG 2000 file format. A jp2_ file contains picture image.

jp3-file-extension
jp3-file-description Electric Quilt file
jp3-file-description Files with jp3 extension can be found as quilt designs created in Electric Quilt program.

jp4-file-extension
jp4-file-description Electric Quilt data
jp4-file-description A jp4 file extension is related to the Electric Quilt program for Mac and Windows. A jp4 file stores data.

jp5-file-extension
jp5-file-description Electric Quilt data
jp5-file-description Files with jp5 file extension can mainly be found as documents saved in Electric Quilt version 5 software.

jpa-file-extension
jpa-file-description Joomla installation backup
jpa-file-description Files with jpa extension can be mostly be found as backup files from JoomlaPack backup solution for Joomla.

jpage-file-extension
jpage-file-description Eclipse Java scrapbook page file
jpage-file-description Files with jpage extension are used by the Eclipse Java program. These files store some scrapbook page data.

jpb-file-extension
jpb-file-description Publish Manager report file
jpb-file-description Files with jpb extension are used for Publish Manager program. They contain information files relevant to a Publish report.

jpc-file-extension
jpc-file-description JPEG2000 code stream image format
jpc-file-description Files with jpc extension are used to define file format and a code stream.

jpd-file-extension
jpd-file-description Joint PhotoDefiner image
jpd-file-description Files with jpd extension are kindred with PhotoDefiner, as a simple way to use image compression for Mac OS X (macOS).

jpe-file-extension
jpe-file-description JPEG bitmap image format
jpe-file-description A jpe file extension is used by some applications for picture images stored in JPEG bitmap image format.

jpegenx-file-extension
jpegenx-file-description Egis encrypted JPEG picture image
jpegenx-file-description A jpegenx file extension is related to the Egis encryption software distributed with some Acer computers. A jpegenx file stores encrypted JPEG image.

jpegx-file-extension
jpegx-file-description Egis encrypted JPEG picture image
jpegx-file-description A jpegx file extension is related to the Egis a data encryption software. A jpegx file stores encrypted picture image.

jpeg_128x96-file-extension
jpeg_128x96-file-description Android picture
jpeg_128x96-file-description A jpeg_128x160 file extension is related to Google Android operating system and used for its picture files.

jpeg_160x120-file-extension
jpeg_160x120-file-description 160 x 120 pixels JPEG image
jpeg_160x120-file-description Files with jpeg_160x120 extension might be found as resized JPEG images in size of 160x120 pixels.

jpeg_170x220-file-extension
jpeg_170x220-file-description 170 x 220 pixels JPEG image
jpeg_170x220-file-description Files with jpeg_170x220 file extension might be found as resized JPEG images in size of 170x220 pixels.

jpf-file-extension
jpf-file-description JPEG 2000 extended image format (ISO 15444-2)
jpf-file-description Files with jpf extension can be typically found as pictures saved in the JPEG 2000 picture image file format.

jpg%21d-file-extension
jpg%21d-file-description PxHere picture image
jpg%21d-file-description A jpg!d file extension is related to the PxHere on-line service. A jpg!d file stores picture image.

jpg-large-file-extension
jpg-large-file-description Twitter JPEG picture
jpg-large-file-description A jpg-large file extension is related to files with Twitter picture images stored in the JPEG bitmap picture file format.

jpg-original-file-extension
jpg-original-file-description JPEG picture image
jpg-original-file-description Files with jpg-original extension are in most cases just renamed JPEG pictures, typically for backup purposes.

jpg2-file-extension
jpg2-file-description JPEG 2000 image format (ISO 15444-1)
jpg2-file-description A jpg2 file extension is related to the JPEG 2000 compression bitmap image file format. A jpg2 file stores bitmap image.

jpg3-file-extension
jpg3-file-description JPEG bitmap image
jpg3-file-description A jpg3 file extension is related to the JPEG bitmap image format.

jpge-file-extension
jpge-file-description Mistyped JPEG bitmap image
jpge-file-description A jpge file extension is sometimes related to picture bitmap images stored in JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) file format.

jpgenx-file-extension
jpgenx-file-description Egis encrypted JPG picture image
jpgenx-file-description A jpgenx file extension is used for Egis encrypted JPG files. Egis is data protection application often distributed with Acer computers. *.jpgenx files contain encrypted pictures or photos in JPG picture image format. To view a content of jpgenx file use Egis, Egis Free Reader or Acer eDataSecurity.

jpgs-file-extension
jpgs-file-description CyberLink Power Media Player data
jpgs-file-description A jpgs file extension is associated with the CyberLink Power Media Player data format.

jpgw-file-extension
jpgw-file-description JPEG world data
jpgw-file-description Files with jpgw file extension are GIS files in JPEG World format.

jpgx-file-extension
jpgx-file-description Egis encrypted JPG bitmap image
jpgx-file-description Files with jpgx extension are almost always bitmap images encrypted with the Egis data protection software.

jpg_108x192-file-extension
jpg_108x192-file-description Android picture image
jpg_108x192-file-description A .jpg_108x192 file extension is related to picture image files in JPG file format, found on some Android based smartphones.

jpg_120%D1%85178-file-extension
jpg_120%D1%85178-file-description Android picture
jpg_120%D1%85178-file-description Files with jpg_120x178 file extension can be occasionally found as some kind of special encrypted image on certain Android based smartphones. Probably generated by some app.

jpg_128x128-file-extension
jpg_128x128-file-description Android picture
jpg_128x128-file-description A jpg_128x128 file extension is associated with the Google Android operating system and used for its picture files.

jpg_128x160-file-extension
jpg_128x160-file-description Android picture image
jpg_128x160-file-description A jpg_128x160 file extension is related to Google Android operating system and used for its picture files.

jpg_128x96-file-extension
jpg_128x96-file-description Android picture
jpg_128x96-file-description A jpg_128x96 file extension is associated with the Google Android operating system and used for its picture files.

jpg_160x120-file-extension
jpg_160x120-file-description Android picture image
jpg_160x120-file-description Files with jpg_160x120 file extension can be typically found on some Android devices as some sort of pictures, or perhaps picture thumbnails.

jpg_160x128-file-extension
jpg_160x128-file-description Android picture
jpg_160x128-file-description Files with jpg_160x120 file extension can be found on smartphones and other portable devices that use Google Android mobile platform.

jpg_170x128-file-extension
jpg_170x128-file-description Android picture
jpg_170x128-file-description Files with jpg_170x128  extension are JPEG pictures in fixed sized, commonly found on devices running Google Android operating system.

jpg_170x220-file-extension
jpg_170x220-file-description Android resized picture
jpg_170x220-file-description Files with jpg_170x220 file extension can be found on Android devices as resized and renamed JPEG pictures. Probably generated by some app.

jpg_220x176-file-extension
jpg_220x176-file-description Android picture
jpg_220x176-file-description Files with jpg_220x176 file extension can be occasionally found as some kind of special encrypted image on certain Android based smartphones. Probably generated by some app.

jpg_240x320-file-extension
jpg_240x320-file-description Android picture image
jpg_240x320-file-description A jpg_240x320 file extension is related to the Samsung smart phones with the Google Android operating system.

jpg_320x240-file-extension
jpg_320x240-file-description Android picture
jpg_320x240-file-description Files with jpg_320x240 extension can be usually found as encrypted pictures on devices that feature Google Android operating system.

jpg_320x320-file-extension
jpg_320x320-file-description Android picture
jpg_320x320-file-description A jpg_320x320 file extension is associated with the Google Android operating system. A jpg_320x320 file stores picture image.

jpg_480x320-file-extension
jpg_480x320-file-description Android picture image
jpg_480x320-file-description Files with jpg_480x320 are mainy  elated to the Google Android operating system and used for its encrypted picture files.

jpg_512x512-file-extension
jpg_512x512-file-description Android picture
jpg_512x512-file-description Files with jpg_512x512 extension can be found on smartphones and other portable devices that use Google Android mobile platform.

jpg_56x42-file-extension
jpg_56x42-file-description Android picture image
jpg_56x42-file-description Files with jpg_56x42 file extension can be found as pictures on some Android based smartphones.

jpg_encrypted-file-extension
jpg_encrypted-file-description Google Android encrypted JPEG picture image
jpg_encrypted-file-description Files with jpg_encrypted extension are specially encrypted JPEG images often found on Google Android devices.

jpg_t-file-extension
jpg_t-file-description JPEG image
jpg_t-file-description A jpg_t file extension is related to the JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) picture image file format.

jpg_thumb-file-extension
jpg_thumb-file-description JPG thumbnail image
jpg_thumb-file-description A jpg_thumb file extension is associated with the thumbnail image in JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) file format.

jph-file-extension
jph-file-description JProbe memory snapshot
jph-file-description A jph file extension is related to the JProbe and used for its snapshot files.

jpi-file-extension
jpi-file-description Jupiter encrypted XML file
jpi-file-description Files with jpi extension are used for the Polish tax and accounting application. It is known as Jupiter and the files include tax data in XML format.

jpig-file-extension
jpig-file-description JPiG picture image format
jpig-file-description A jpig file extension is related to the JPiG picture image format.

jpj-file-extension
jpj-file-description Unknown file
jpj-file-description It seems jpj file extension is not used for any known file type.

jpk-file-extension
jpk-file-description JPK Instruments file format
jpk-file-description Files with jpk extension can be also found as files recorded using the JPK Instruments AG devices. Most likely graphics.

jpl-file-extension
jpl-file-description Siren Jukebox data
jpl-file-description Files with jpl file extension can be found as part of Siren JukeBox. Discontinued software.

jpm-file-extension
jpm-file-description JPEG 2000 multi-layer image format (ISO 15444-6)
jpm-file-description A jpm file extension is related to the JPEG 2000 multi-layer image format (ISO 15444-6) file format.

jpn-file-extension
jpn-file-description Photomodeler Lite data
jpn-file-description A jpn file extension is related to the Photomodeler and used for its data files.

jpo-file-extension
jpo-file-description JPO data format
jpo-file-description Files with jpo file extension can be usually found as special data files used by the Japanese National Center for Industrial Property Information and Training (INPIT).

jpp-file-extension
jpp-file-description Jigsaw Puzzle Player puzzle definition
jpp-file-description A jpp file extension is related to the Jigsaw Puzzle Player puzzle definition format.

jpq-file-extension
jpq-file-description JPQ (Jared Package) Library archive
jpq-file-description A jpq file extension is related to the JPQ (Jared Package) Library software. A jpq file stores compressed data archive.

jpr-file-extension
jpr-file-description JavaSockets data
jpr-file-description Files with jpr extension can be found as JavaSockets.

jps-file-extension
jps-file-description Stereoscopic JPEG format
jps-file-description A jps file extension is related to Stereoscopic JPEG format used to store stereoscopic picture images.

jpt-file-extension
jpt-file-description Jprobe Threadalyzer memory snapshot
jpt-file-description Files with jpt file extension are memory snapshots made in Jprobe Threadalyzer program by Quest Software.

jpv-file-extension
jpv-file-description IVC video format
jpv-file-description A jpv file extension is related to the IVC video format used by IP security solutions developed by IVC.

jpw-file-extension
jpw-file-description ESRI JPEG world data
jpw-file-description A jpw file extension is related to the ESRI JPEG world file format.

jpx-file-extension
jpx-file-description JPEG 2000 extended image format (ISO 15444-2)
jpx-file-description Files with jpx file extension can be found a special variant of the JPEG 2000 bitmap image format. Rather uncommon, proprietary version of JPG, with additional features, functions and generally higher quality. Also supports transparency.

jpz-file-extension
jpz-file-description Puzzle Solver puzzle
jpz-file-description A jpz file extension is related to the Puzzle Solver and used for its puzzle files.

jp_-file-extension
jp_-file-description Unknown file extension
jp_-file-description Files with jp_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

jq2savegame-file-extension
jq2savegame-file-description Jewel Quest 2 saved game data
jq2savegame-file-description A jq2savegame file extension is related to the Jewel Quest 2 and used for its saved game data.

jq3savegame-file-extension
jq3savegame-file-description Jewel Quest III saved game file
jq3savegame-file-description A jq3savegame file extension is related to the Jewel Quest III computer game. A jq3savegame file stores saved game position.

jqx-file-extension
jqx-file-description Microsoft Windows help related file
jqx-file-description Detailed description

jqz-file-extension
jqz-file-description Hot Potatoes JQuiz data
jqz-file-description A jqz file extension is related to the Hot Potatoes software. A jqz file stores data for JQuiz a part of Hot Potatoes.

jrag-file-extension
jrag-file-description JastAdd declarative aspect
jrag-file-description Files with jrag file suffix are related to the JastAdd declarative aspect data.

jrc-file-extension
jrc-file-description JRchive data
jrc-file-description A jrc file extension is related to the JRchive application and used for its data files. Probably obsolete format.

jre-file-extension
jre-file-description Confused Java data
jre-file-description The jre file extension is not yet associated with any program or application. JRE = Java Runtime Environment

jree-file-extension
jree-file-description Unknown file extension
jree-file-description Files with jree file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

jrf-file-extension
jrf-file-description The Jumbot bot level navigation data
jrf-file-description Files with jrf file extension are related to the The Jumbot bot level navigation file format.

jrl-file-extension
jrl-file-description BioWare Aurora game engine journal data
jrl-file-description A jrl file extension is related to the BioWare Aurora engine used by Neverwinter Nights video game. A jrl file contains journal data.

jrm-file-extension
jrm-file-description IBM Tivoli Resource Model Builder data
jrm-file-description Files with jrm file suffix are associated with the IBM Tivoli Resource Model Builder data format.

jrmime-file-extension
jrmime-file-description HDTracks Downloader data
jrmime-file-description Files with jrmime file extension are related to the HDTracks Downloader data format.

jrn-file-extension
jrn-file-description Journal data
jrn-file-description Files with jrn file extension can be most often found as journal files generated by several journaling file systems, including Linux and OS/2.

jrp-file-extension
jrp-file-description Electric Quilt document
jrp-file-description Files with jrp file extension are related to the Electric Quilt software and used for its documents.

jrprint-file-extension
jrprint-file-description JasperReports print data
jrprint-file-description Files with jprint file extension may be found as printing data files for the JasperReports reporting engine for Java.

jrs-file-extension
jrs-file-description Extensible Storage Engine (ESE) reserve transaction log
jrs-file-description A jrs file extension is related to the Extensible Storage Engine (ESE) reserve transaction log file format introduced in Microsoft Windows 2000 system.

jrx-file-extension
jrx-file-description MDI DataScan task list
jrx-file-description A jrx file suffix is related to the MDI DataScan program. A jrx file contains task list.

jrxml-file-extension
jrxml-file-description JasperReports layout
jrxml-file-description A jrxml file extension is related to the JasperReports and used for its layout data.

jrz-file-extension
jrz-file-description Sony Playstation Portable game data file
jrz-file-description Detailed description

jsa-file-extension
jsa-file-description JRun server application
jsa-file-description Files with jsa extension may be generally found as server applications for the Adobe JRun platform.

jsb-file-extension
jsb-file-description JAWS binary script
jsb-file-description A jsb file extension is related to the JAWS and used for its binary script files.

jsc-file-extension
jsc-file-description JavaScript configuration
jsc-file-description Files with jsc extension can commonly be found as JavaScript configuration files.

jscript-file-extension
jscript-file-description Microsoft JScript source code
jscript-file-description A jscript file extension is associated with the Microsoft JScript source code.

jscsrc-file-extension
jscsrc-file-description Visual Studio Code data
jscsrc-file-description Files with jscsrc file extension are related to the Visual Studio Code data format.

jsd-file-extension
jsd-file-description JAWS script documentation
jsd-file-description A jsd file extension is associated with the JAWS, a Windows Screen Reading app. A jsd file stores script documentation,

jsda-file-extension
jsda-file-description Jazer financial data
jsda-file-description A jsda file extension is related to the Jazer, a personal accounting software. A jsda file contains financial data.

jsdtscope-file-extension
jsdtscope-file-description Eclipse JavaScript development data
jsdtscope-file-description A jsdtscope file extension is related to the Eclipse development tool. A jsdtscope file stores some kind of development data.

jse-file-extension
jse-file-description JScript encoded script
jse-file-description A jse file extension is used for a special encoded version of JScript files. JSCript is Microsoft implementation of the ECMAScript Edition 3, similar to JavaScript. First introduced for Microsoft Internet Explorer 3.

jsee-file-extension
jsee-file-description EmEditor data
jsee-file-description A jsee file extension is associated with the EmEditor a text editing tool for Windows.

jse_aq-file-extension
jse_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
jse_aq-file-description Files with jse_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

jsf-file-extension
jsf-file-description Adobe Fireworks batch script
jsf-file-description Files with jsf extension are related to Adobe Fireworks and used for one of its script files.

jsfl-file-extension
jsfl-file-description Flash JavaScript data
jsfl-file-description A jsfl file extension is associated with the Flash Authoriting program. They contains Javascript code.

jsh-file-extension
jsh-file-description JAWS script header data
jsh-file-description A jsh file extension is related to the JAWS software and used for its script header data.

jshintrc-file-extension
jshintrc-file-description JSHint data
jshintrc-file-description A jshuntrc file extension is related to the JSHint, a tool for detect errors in JavaScript code.

jshtm-file-extension
jshtm-file-description Visual Studio Code data
jshtm-file-description A jshtm file extension is associated with the Visual Studio Code program.

jsi-file-extension
jsi-file-description JAWS personalized settings
jsi-file-description A jsi file extension is related to the JAWS, a screen reading computer software. A jsi file stores personalized settings.

jsk-file-extension
jsk-file-description jetAudio file
jsk-file-description Files with jsk extension are used for jetAudio program. They include various data used for internal purposes.

jsl-file-extension
jsl-file-description Corel PaintShop Pro shapes
jsl-file-description A jsl file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Pro and used for its shapes data.

jsm-file-extension
jsm-file-description Firefox JavaScript module
jsm-file-description A jsm file extension is related to the Mozilla Firefox and Firefox-based web browsers. A jsm file stores Firefox JavaScript module.

jsml-file-extension
jsml-file-description JSim model file
jsml-file-description Detailed description

jsn-file-extension
jsn-file-description Shield Now shield data
jsn-file-description Files with jsn file extension can be found as data protected by Shield Now protection suite.

jso-file-extension
jso-file-description Compressed ISO image
jso-file-description Files with jso file extension can be found as special compressed version of ISO images for Sony PSP platform.

jsobj-file-extension
jsobj-file-description Opera file
jsobj-file-description Detailed description

jsonld-file-extension
jsonld-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
jsonld-file-description Files with jsonld file extension are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio data format.

jsonlz4-file-extension
jsonlz4-file-description Mozilla Firefox compressed bookmark backup
jsonlz4-file-description Files with jsonlz4 extension are in most cases compressed bookmark backup files from Mozilla Firefox internet browser.

jsonp-file-extension
jsonp-file-description JSON-with-padding source code
jsonp-file-description A jsonp file extension is related to the JSON-with-padding. A jsonp file stores source code.

jspa-file-extension
jspa-file-description Java Servlet alias file
jspa-file-description Files with jspa extension are mainly used for special alias files for the Java Servlet.

jspf-file-extension
jspf-file-description Java JSP fragment
jspf-file-description A jspf file extension is related to the Java JSP fragment format.

jsproj-file-extension
jsproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
jsproj-file-description A jsproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio, an integrated development tool. A jsproj file stores data.

jspx-file-extension
jspx-file-description XML Java Server page
jspx-file-description A jspx file extension is related to the XML Java Server page technology. A jspx file stores XML JSP document.

jsr-file-extension
jsr-file-description Job Safety Report Definition
jsr-file-description Files with jsr file extension might be mostly found as Job Safety Report Definition files for JSA Generator.

jss-file-extension
jss-file-description JAWS script source
jss-file-description Files with jss file extension are used for JAWS. They contain scripts used by program.

jst-file-extension
jst-file-description Java Server page
jst-file-description A jst file extension is associated with the Java Server page format used to store Java servlet.

jsv-file-extension
jsv-file-description HyperRail 3D Coaster Design Construction data
jsv-file-description A jsv file extension is related to the HyperRail 3D Coaster Design Construction data format.

jsx-file-extension
jsx-file-description Adobe After Effects script
jsx-file-description A jsx file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects for Mac and Windows and used for its script files.

jsxbin-file-extension
jsxbin-file-description Binary JavaScript data
jsxbin-file-description Files with jsxbin are most notably related to the Binary JavaScript file format.

jsxinc-file-extension
jsxinc-file-description Adobe JavaScript data
jsxinc-file-description An jsxinc file extension is related to the Adobe JavaScript files written in ExtendScript.

js_-file-extension
js_-file-description Unknown file extension
js_-file-description Files with js_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

js_aq-file-extension
js_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
js_aq-file-description Files with js_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

jt-file-extension
jt-file-description JT Open CAD 3D model format
jt-file-description Files with jt file extension can be typically encountered as 3D models saved in JT Open CAD file 3D format from Siemens. Used mostly in used in aerospace and automotive industry.

jtb-file-extension
jtb-file-description JTB JavaCC grammar data
jtb-file-description A jtb file extension is related to the JTB, a syntax tree builder and used for its grammar files.

jtbackup-file-extension
jtbackup-file-description Just Type notes backup
jtbackup-file-description The .jtbackup file extension is related to the Just Type note application and used for its backup files.

jtd-file-extension
jtd-file-description Ichitaro document
jtd-file-description Files with jtd file extension can be usually found as text documents made using Ichitaro, a Japanese word processing program.

jtdc-file-extension
jtdc-file-description Ichitaro compressed document
jtdc-file-description A jtdc file extension is related to the Ichitaro compressed document file format.

jtf-file-extension
jtf-file-description JPEG Tagged Interchange Format image
jtf-file-description Files with jtf file extension can be found as special images in JPEG/JFIF format.

jtg-file-extension
jtg-file-description Joint Test Action Group configuration data
jtg-file-description A jtg file extension is related to the JTAG (Joint Test Action Group) and used for its configuration data.

jtif-file-extension
jtif-file-description JPEG tagged interchange data
jtif-file-description A jtif file extension is related to the JPEG tagged interchange data format.

jtk-file-extension
jtk-file-description Sun Microsystems Java Toolkit data
jtk-file-description A jtk file extension is related to the Sun Microsystems Java Toolkit data format.

jtl-file-extension
jtl-file-description JMeter test results data
jtl-file-description A jtl file extension is related to the Apache JMeter and used for its test results.

jtp-file-extension
jtp-file-description Microsoft Windows Journal template
jtp-file-description Files with jtp file extension can be found as special note templates for Microsoft Windows Journal. Used to quickly produce new notes based on saved settings.

jtpl-file-extension
jtpl-file-description Rational Application Developer WebContent theme template file
jtpl-file-description Files with jtpl extension are used by the Rational Application Developer. They contain some theme templates.

jts-file-extension
jts-file-description JVC Cyberlink AVCHD video data
jts-file-description A jts file extension is related to the PowerDirector and used for its JVC video data.

jtt-file-extension
jtt-file-description Ichitaro document template
jtt-file-description A jtt file extension is related to the document template format used by Ichitaro word processor.

jtv-file-extension
jtv-file-description JRiver Media Center recorded TV file
jtv-file-description Files with jtv extension are used by the JRiver Media Center. It is a video file format.

jtx-file-extension
jtx-file-description Jrju text data
jtx-file-description Files with jtx file extension are related to the Jrju, a program written in Perl programming language.

ju-file-extension
ju-file-description JU source code
ju-file-description A ju file extension is related to the JU programming language and used for its source code files.

jude-file-extension
jude-file-description JUDE project
jude-file-description A .jude file extension is to the JUDE, a UML modeling program. A jude file stores project.

judo-file-extension
judo-file-description JudoScript source code
judo-file-description A judo file extension is related to the JudoScript, a programming language. A judo file contains source code.

jug-file-extension
jug-file-description Jug source code
jug-file-description Files with jug file extension is related to the Jug framework and used for its code files.

jui-file-extension
jui-file-description Qt Jambi user interface data
jui-file-description A jui file extension is related to the Qt Jambi development tool. A jui file contains user interface data.

juicerpatch-file-extension
juicerpatch-file-description Juicer patch
juicerpatch-file-description Files with juicerpatch file extension are related to the Juicer and used for its path data.

jv-file-extension
jv-file-description Unknown file extension
jv-file-description No further information could be found.

jvc-file-extension
jvc-file-description Digital Camera data
jvc-file-description A jvc file suffix is related to some data files from digital cameras.

jvd-file-extension
jvd-file-description JavaView camera and display settings
jvd-file-description A jvd file extension is related to the JavaView, a 3D geometry viewer. A jvd file stores camera and display settings.

jvdb-file-extension
jvdb-file-description The Journal volume database
jvdb-file-description Files with jvdb file extension are associated with The Journal volume database format.

jvr-file-extension
jvr-file-description JavaView configuration data
jvr-file-description A jvr file extension is related to the JavaView, a 3D geometry viewer. A jvr file stores configuration data.

jvs-file-extension
jvs-file-description Web Proxy Autodiscovery Protocol data
jvs-file-description A jvs file extension is related to the Web Proxy Autodiscovery Protocol data format.

jvsk-file-extension
jvsk-file-description jetVideo skin
jvsk-file-description Files with jvsk file extension are related to the jetVideo software for Microsoft Windows operating system.

jvt-file-extension
jvt-file-description JRiver recorded video
jvt-file-description A jvt file extension is related to the JRiver multimedia center and used for its recorded video files.

jvwr-file-extension
jvwr-file-description JPEGView file
jvwr-file-description Detailed description

jvxl-file-extension
jvxl-file-description Jmol voxel data
jvxl-file-description A jvxl file extension is related to Jmol software and used for its voxel files.

jw-file-extension
jw-file-description Microsoft WordPad document
jw-file-description A jw file extension is related to the Microsoft WordPad, a word processing tool installed in early versions of Microsoft Windows.

jwc-file-extension
jwc-file-description JewelCase Maker saved data
jwc-file-description A jwc file extension is related to the JewelCase Maker and used for its saved files.

jwg-file-extension
jwg-file-description Java data
jwg-file-description A jwg file extension is related to the Java programming platform. A jwg file contains data.

jwk-file-extension
jwk-file-description JSON web key
jwk-file-description A jwk file extension is related to the JSON web key format used to store cryptographic key.

jwl-file-extension
jwl-file-description Easy CD Creator CD label document
jwl-file-description Files with jwl file extension are related to the Easy CD Creator CD label document format. Now used by Roxio Creator.

jwpub-file-extension
jwpub-file-description Bible study publication format
jwpub-file-description Files with jwpub extension are mainly related to the specialized Bible study publication format. Also used to distribute other religious texts.

jwr-file-extension
jwr-file-description LegaSuite GUI J Walk runtime data
jwr-file-description A jwr file extension is related to the LegaSuite and used for its GUI J Walk runtime files.

jwrp-file-extension
jwrp-file-description JoliWrite data
jwrp-file-description A jwrp file extension is related to the JoliWrite for Macintosh computers.

jwrt-file-extension
jwrt-file-description JoliWrite data
jwrt-file-description A jwrt file extension is related to the JoliWrite a text editing app for BBS.

jww-file-extension
jww-file-description Java Web-Workflows data
jww-file-description A jww file extension is related to the Java Web-Workflows a Java framework for handling of WebApplication Workflows.

jxl-file-extension
jxl-file-description Trimble Business Center JobXML document
jxl-file-description A jxl file extension is related to the Trimble Business Center a CAD program. A jxl file contains JobXML document.

jxr-file-extension
jxr-file-description JPEG XR image
jxr-file-description Files with jxr extension can be found as images in a special bitmap format called JPEG XR developed by Microsoft. 48-bit support, both lossy and lossless compression available.

jxx-file-extension
jxx-file-description Yamaha SY77 audio data
jxx-file-description A jxx file extension is related to the Yamaha SY77, a music workstation.

jyk-file-extension
jyk-file-description Warez movie
jyk-file-description Files with jyk extension are usually movies downloaded from P2P networks (torrents). JYK is not actually extension, but part of the file name to label the group.

jz-file-extension
jz-file-description JamesZhu Internet Browser database
jz-file-description A jz file extension is related to the JamesZhu Internet Browser database format.

jzz-file-extension
jzz-file-description Lotus Jazz spreadsheet file
jzz-file-description Files with jzz extension are used for the Lotus Jazz program. They contain spreadsheets data.

j_t-file-extension
j_t-file-description JT Open CAD data
j_t-file-description Files with j_t file extension can be usually found as 3D models / drawings saved in JT Open CAD software.

kext-file-extension
kext-file-description Apple Mac kernel extension
kext-file-description Files with kext file extension can be commonly found as system files in Mac OS X (macOS) operating system. Kernel files.

keynote-file-extension
keynote-file-description iWork Keynote '06 presentation
keynote-file-description A keynote file extension is used for presentations saved in Apple iWork Keynote '06, or in its previous versions. Keynote is a professional presentation tool for Mac OS X, macOS and iOS.

kml-file-extension
kml-file-description Google Earth Keyhole Markup language data

kmz-file-extension
kmz-file-description Compressed Keyhole Markup Language (Google Earth) data

ksd-file-extension
ksd-file-description KeepSafe encrypted data

k-file-extension
k-file-description IRIS Editor data
k-file-description A k file extension is related to the IRIS Editor and used for its data files.

k01-file-extension
k01-file-description Clarion database key
k01-file-description Files with k01 file extension are related to the Clarion development tool. A k01 file stores database key.

k02-file-extension
k02-file-description Clarion data
k02-file-description A k02 file extension is related to the Clarion, an integrated development environment.

k03-file-extension
k03-file-description Clarion DOS database key
k03-file-description A k03 file extension is related to the Clarion database programming tool. A k03 file contains database key.

k1-file-extension
k1-file-description DataFlex index
k1-file-description A k1 file extension is related to the DataFlex database programming language and used for its index files.

k10-file-extension
k10-file-description DataFlex index
k10-file-description A k10 file extension is related to the DataFlex program. A k10 file stores index.

k11-file-extension
k11-file-description DataFlex index
k11-file-description A k11 file extension is related to the DataFlex and used for index files.

k12-file-extension
k12-file-description DataFlex index
k12-file-description A k12 file extension is related to the DataFlex, a 4GL object oriented programming language.

k13-file-extension
k13-file-description DataFlex index
k13-file-description A k13 file extension is related to the DataFlex a relational, 4GL Object Oriented database programming language. A k13 file stores index.

k14-file-extension
k14-file-description DataFlex index
k14-file-description A k14 file extension is related to the DataFlex and used for its index files.

k15-file-extension
k15-file-description DataFlex index
k15-file-description A k15 file extension is related to the DataFlex a relational, 4GL Object Oriented database programming language. A k15 file stores index data.

k1s-file-extension
k1s-file-description Wave Glib data
k1s-file-description A k1s file extension is related to the Glib audio tool for Linux. A k1s file contains some kind of data.

k2-file-extension
k2-file-description DataFlex index
k2-file-description A k2 file extension is related to the DataFlex 4GL object oriented database programming language.

k25-file-extension
k25-file-description Kurzweil 2500 sample
k25-file-description A k25 file extension is associated with the Kurzweil 2500 sampler and synthesizer. A k25 file contains sample.

k26-file-extension
k26-file-description Kurzweil 2600 sample
k26-file-description Files with k26 file extension can be found as Kurzweil 2600 audio samples. Older audio format.

k2edoc-file-extension
k2edoc-file-description Text document
k2edoc-file-description A k2edoc file extension is associated with the text document format.

k2p-file-extension
k2p-file-description Kryptel encrypted data
k2p-file-description Files with k2p suffix can be typically found as files encrypted and renamed using the Kryptel program.

k3-file-extension
k3-file-description DataFlex index
k3-file-description A k3 file extension is related to the DataFlex database programming language and used for its index files.

k3b-file-extension
k3b-file-description K3b burning project
k3b-file-description A k3b file extension is related to the K3b burning software for Linux operating system.

k3d-file-extension
k3d-file-description 3DS macro language description data
k3d-file-description A k3d file extension is related to the 3DS macro language description file format.

k3g-file-extension
k3g-file-description GOM Player multimedia data
k3g-file-description A k3g file extension is related to the video file format used by some Korean mobile phones.

k4-file-extension
k4-file-description DataFlex index
k4-file-description A k4 file extension is related to DataFlex, a 4GL Object Oriented database programming language. A k4 file stores index.

k48-file-extension
k48-file-description Apple iOS kernel cache
k48-file-description A k48 file extension is related to the Apple iOS operating system for iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad. A k48 file stores kernel cache.

k4e-file-extension
k4e-file-description Karaoke 4 Everyone file
k4e-file-description Files with k4e file extension are commonly used by Karaoke 4 Everyone service.

k5-file-extension
k5-file-description DataFlex index
k5-file-description A k5 file extension is related to the DataFlex, a database programming language.

k6-file-extension
k6-file-description DataFlex index
k6-file-description Files with k6 file extension are used as some index files in DataFlex program.

k7-file-extension
k7-file-description DataFlex index
k7-file-description A k7 file extension is associated with the DataFlex relational database programming language.

k7e-file-extension
k7e-file-description KCML client error information
k7e-file-description A k7e file extension is related to the KCML client from Kerridge. A k7e file stores error information. Probably obsolete.

k7p-file-extension
k7p-file-description SIMATIC STEP 7 Lite project
k7p-file-description A k7p file extension is related to the SIMATIC STEP 7 Lite programming app. A k7p file stores project.

k8-file-extension
k8-file-description DataFlex index file
k8-file-description Files with k8 extension are used by DataFlex program as an index files.

k9-file-extension
k9-file-description DataFlex index file
k9-file-description Files with k9 extension are used as index file in DataFlex software.

ka-file-extension
ka-file-description Karma engine asset data
ka-file-description A ka file extension is related to the Karma engine asset data format.

kab-file-extension
kab-file-description KMail address book
kab-file-description A kab file extension is related to the Kmail, an e-mail client. A kab file stores address book.

kac-file-extension
kac-file-description Karwos Suite license
kac-file-description A kac file extension is related to the Karwos Suite and used for its license files.

kad-file-extension
kad-file-description Kore user data
kad-file-description A kad file extension is related to the Kore 2 synthesizer, developed by Native Instruments and used for its user files.

kaf-file-extension
kaf-file-description Resurrection Matchmaker! map pack
kaf-file-description Files with kaf file extension can be found as map packs from Resurrection Matchmaker! by Wildman Productions.

kahl-file-extension
kahl-file-description Think Pascal KAHL text data
kahl-file-description A kahl file extension is related to the Think Pascal, a programming software. A kahl file stores some text data.

kal-file-extension
kal-file-description KManager calibration data file
kal-file-description Files with kal extension are used for Kmanager. They include calibration data.

kam-file-extension
kam-file-description Meragana karaoke data
kam-file-description Files with kam file extension can be found as karaoke music files from Meragana Online Hindi Karaoke Service.

kan-file-extension
kan-file-description Kwalitan annotation
kan-file-description Files with kan file extension are annotation files used by Dutch text analysis software Kwalitan.

kao-file-extension
kao-file-description Pokemon Mystery Dungeon font
kao-file-description A kao file suffix is associated with the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon font format.

kap-file-extension
kap-file-description Maptech BSB map
kap-file-description A kap file extension is related to the Chart Navigator Pro and other apps from Maptech. A kap file stores BSB map data.

kar-file-extension
kar-file-description MIDI Karaoke song
kar-file-description Files with kar extension can be found as MIDI karaoke files from Karaoke Music.

kas-file-extension
kas-file-description Karaoke data
kas-file-description Files with kas file extension can be found as Karaoke files. Some sort of ASCII file.

kat-file-extension
kat-file-description Katorzer music composition
kat-file-description A kat file extension is related to the Katorzer, a music composing program for Windows.

kava-file-extension
kava-file-description Autopano Video Pro video
kava-file-description A kava file extension is associated with the Autopano Video Pro video file format.

kb-file-extension
kb-file-description Knowledge Pro program source
kb-file-description A kb file extension is related to the Knowledge Pro program source format.

kb2-file-extension
kb2-file-description Carroll-Net Kleo backup
kb2-file-description A kb2 file extension is related to backup applications from Carroll-Net.

kb7-file-extension
kb7-file-description Kaikei accounting data
kb7-file-description A kb7 file extension is related to the Kaikei, an accounting program. A kb7 file contains accounting data.

kbb-file-extension
kbb-file-description BestCrypt Key Block Backup
kbb-file-description Files with kbb extension are used for Jetico BestCrypt program. They contain backups data.

kbcf-file-extension
kbcf-file-description Knowledge Master data
kbcf-file-description A kbcf file extension is related to the Knowledge Master software from Knowledge Mater Corporation.

kbcim-file-extension
kbcim-file-description Knowledge Master data
kbcim-file-description A kbcim file extension is associated with the Knowledge Master application for Windows.

kbcls-file-extension
kbcls-file-description Knowledge Master data
kbcls-file-description A kbcls file extension is related to the Knowledge Master software.

kbd-file-extension
kbd-file-description Keyboard script file layout
kbd-file-description Alternative keyboard layout generated by various programs to kbd file used by the software in Windows operating systems.

kbed-file-extension
kbed-file-description Knowledge Master data
kbed-file-description A kbed file extension is related to the Knowledge Master tool for Windows.

kbf-file-extension
kbf-file-description MyInfo document
kbf-file-description A kbf file extension is related to the MyInfo and used for its document files.

kbgi-file-extension
kbgi-file-description Knowledge Master data
kbgi-file-description A kbgi file extension is related to the Knowledge Master software.

kbi-file-extension
kbi-file-description Keirsey-Bates Temperament Sorter index
kbi-file-description A kbi file extension is related to the Keirsey-Bates Temperament Sorter index format.

kbl-file-extension
kbl-file-description Keyboard layout
kbl-file-description A kbl file extension is related to keyboard layout files that store settings of actions assigned to individual keys.

kbm-file-extension
kbm-file-description Scala keyboard mapping
kbm-file-description A kbm file extension is related to the Scala software for Windows and Linux. A kbm file stores keyboard mapping.

kbn-file-extension
kbn-file-description TeamSpeak keybinding data
kbn-file-description A kbn file extension is related to the TeamSpeak software for Windows and mobile platforms.

kbp-file-extension
kbp-file-description Keirsey-Bates temperament sorter profile
kbp-file-description A kbp file extension is associated with the Keirsey-Bates temperament sorter profile files.

kbr-file-extension
kbr-file-description Keirsey-Bates Temperament Sorter data
kbr-file-description Files with kbr file extension are used by Keirsey-Bates Temperament Sorter. They store some service information data.

kbr8-file-extension
kbr8-file-description Knowledge Master data
kbr8-file-description A kbr8 file extension is related to the Knowledge Master and used for its data files.

kbrf-file-extension
kbrf-file-description Knowledge Master file
kbrf-file-description The kbrf file extension is related to the Knowledge Master and used for its data files.

kbs-file-extension
kbs-file-description Keyboard Script saved keystrokes
kbs-file-description A kbs file extension is associated with the Keyboard Script program. A kbs file contains saved keystrokes.

kbt-file-extension
kbt-file-description Virtual Keyboard settings data
kbt-file-description Files with kbt file extension might be found as keyboard settings from Virtual keyboard software.

kbtf-file-extension
kbtf-file-description Knowledge Master file
kbtf-file-description A kbf file extension is related to the Knowledge Master software for Windows.

kburl-file-extension
kburl-file-description Knowledge Master data
kburl-file-description A kburl file extension is associated with the Knowledge Master files.

kbwc-file-extension
kbwc-file-description Knowledge Master file
kbwc-file-description A kbwc file extension is related to the Knowledge Master application from Knowledge Master Corporation.

kbx-file-extension
kbx-file-description GNU Privacy Guard keybox data
kbx-file-description A kbx file extension is related to the GNU Privacy Guard and used for its keybox files.

kc-file-extension
kc-file-description KeyKit collection
kc-file-description Files with kc file extension are related to the KeyKit, a programming language for working with MIDI audio.

kc0-file-extension
kc0-file-description Klondike Collection game data
kc0-file-description A kc0 file extension is associated with the Klondike Collection and used for its game data.

kc1-file-extension
kc1-file-description Klondike Collection game data
kc1-file-description A kc1 file extension is associated with the Klondike Collection and used for its game data.

kc2-file-extension
kc2-file-description Kodak RAW image
kc2-file-description Files with kc2 file extension might be found as older Kodak RAW images.

kc8-file-extension
kc8-file-description Unknown file extension
kc8-file-description Files with kc8 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

kcc-file-extension
kcc-file-description KCML client connection settings
kcc-file-description A kcc file extension is related to the KCML client from Kerridge. A kcc file stores connection settings. Probably obsolete.

kcd-file-extension
kcd-file-description rshiphop.kcd malware
kcd-file-description A kcd file extension is related to some malicious software. The file is named rshiphop.kcd.

kces-file-extension
kces-file-description XWE data
kces-file-description A kces file extension is associated with the XWE software for Windows.

kcey-file-extension
kcey-file-description XWE data
kcey-file-description A kcey file extension is related to the XWE application for Windows.

kcf-file-extension
kcf-file-description KiSS configuration data
kcf-file-description Files with kcf file extension might be found as configuration files from KIsekae Set System (KiSS) game.

kch-file-extension
kch-file-description KChess notation data
kch-file-description A kch file extension is related to the KChess notation data format.

kci-file-extension
kci-file-description Visual Studio .NET DB project indexing settings
kci-file-description Files with kci file extension can be found as indexing settings for Visual Studio .NET DB projects.

kcl-file-extension
kcl-file-description Kyoto Common LISP source code
kcl-file-description A kcl file extension is related to the Kyoto Common LISP source code files.

kcm-file-extension
kcm-file-description KönyvCalc data
kcm-file-description Files with kcm file extension might be found as part of Hungarian program called KönyvCalc by MM.sys Számítástechnikai Bt.

kct-file-extension
kct-file-description Keyman Developer customization source
kct-file-description A kct file extension is related to the Keyman Developer program. A kct file contains customization source.

kd-file-extension
kd-file-description Koara source code
kd-file-description Files with kd suffix may be found as source codes or scripts written in Koara markup language.

kd3-file-extension
kd3-file-description Yayoi Kaikei accounting data
kd3-file-description Files with kd3 file extension are in most cases accounting data for Yayoi Kaikei program.

kda-file-extension
kda-file-description Nova Logic game data
kda-file-description A kda file extension is related to computer games developed by Nova Logic. A kda file contains game data.

kdb-file-extension
kdb-file-description KeePass encrypted passwords database
kdb-file-description Files with kdb file extension be found as encrypted password stashes from earlier version of KeePass password manager.

kdbx-file-extension
kdbx-file-description KeePass password database
kdbx-file-description Files with kdbx file extension can be found as password databases for KeePass password management tool.

kdc-file-extension
kdc-file-description Kodak DC120 digital camera RAW image
kdc-file-description Files with kdc file extension are mainly found as raw images recorded by the Kodak DC120 digital camera. A kdc file contains digital photo captured by Kodak DC120.

kdd-file-extension
kdd-file-description Adobe Authorware RTF Objects Editor knowledge display data
kdd-file-description A kdd file suffix is related to the Adobe Authorware RTF Objects Editor knowledge display data format.

kde-file-extension
kde-file-description Kaspersky KryptoStorage encrypted data
kde-file-description A kde file extension is related to Kaspersky KryptoStorage software. A kde files store encrypted data.

kdelnk-file-extension
kdelnk-file-description KDE desktop data
kdelnk-file-description A kdelnk file extension is related to the KDE, a GUI for Linux and Unix operating systems.

kdenlive-file-extension
kdenlive-file-description Kdenlive project
kdenlive-file-description Files with kdenlive file extension can be found as video projects from Kdenlive multi-track video editor. XML based format.

kdevdlg-file-extension
kdevdlg-file-description KDevelop dialogue box file
kdevdlg-file-description Detailed description

kdevelop-file-extension
kdevelop-file-description KDevelop project data
kdevelop-file-description A .kdevelop file extension is related to the Kdevelop development environment. A kdevelop file stores project data.

kdevprj-file-extension
kdevprj-file-description KDevelop project file
kdevprj-file-description Detailed description

kdf-file-extension
kdf-file-description Kinko's File Prep Tool data
kdf-file-description Files with kdf file extension might be found as part of Kinko's File Prep Tool a converter that allows users to convert any document type to Kinko format.

kdh-file-extension
kdh-file-description Chinese Academic Journals Online full-text database
kdh-file-description Files with kdh file extension can be found as Chinese Academic Journals Online full-text databases.

kdi-file-extension
kdi-file-description KD Player skin image
kdi-file-description A kdi file extension is related to KD Player and used for skin image files.

kdk-file-extension
kdk-file-description Kodak proprietary decimated TIFF image
kdk-file-description Files with kdk extension are associated with proprietary variant of TIFF file. They include decimated TIFF file from Kodak digital cameras.

kdl-file-extension
kdl-file-description Kill The Deadline storage file
kdl-file-description Files with kdl extension are used for Kill The Deadline to do manager. It is helpful program to organize your daily to-do tasks. They store all to-do tasks created in the program.

kdmp-file-extension
kdmp-file-description Microsoft Windows crash dump data
kdmp-file-description Files with kdmp file extension are related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A kdmp file stores crash dump data.

kdr-file-extension
kdr-file-description Kinetica installation data
kdr-file-description A kdr file extension is related to the Kinetica installation data.

kds-file-extension
kds-file-description Kodos data
kds-file-description Files with kds file extension can be found as data files from Kodos Python testing and debugging utility.

kdt-file-extension
kdt-file-description Medbasin evaporation data
kdt-file-description Files with kdt file extension can be found as evaporation data files for Medbasin software.

kdv-file-extension
kdv-file-description Comanche 3 video data
kdv-file-description A kdv file extension is related to the Comanche a combat helicopter simulator. A kdv file stores video data.

kdx-file-extension
kdx-file-description Google Earth import definition
kdx-file-description Files with kdx file extension can be found as saved definitions for Google Earth service.

kdz-file-extension
kdz-file-description LG firmware archive
kdz-file-description Files with kdz extension can be most often found as firmware update for LG PC suite which are used to upgrade the OS on LG mobile devices.

kea-file-extension
kea-file-description Panasonic KTS file
kea-file-description Files with kea extension are used by Panasonic KTS. They include some internal data.

keb-file-extension
keb-file-description Kaspersky Anti-Virus base file
keb-file-description The keb extension files are related to the Kaspersky Anti-Virus software. They include some various data used for internal purposes.

ked-file-extension
ked-file-description Kedit profile and macro
ked-file-description A ked file extension is related to the Kedit, a text editing program for Windows. A ked file stores profile.

keepsafe-file-extension
keepsafe-file-description Keepsafe folder
keepsafe-file-description Files with keepsafe extension can be usually encountered on Android devices as part of KeepSafe security app. These are in fact whole folders, not just single files.

keg-file-extension
keg-file-description Kieler Editor data
keg-file-description A keg file extension is related to the Kieler Editor and used for its data files.

kek-file-extension
kek-file-description Unknown file extension
kek-file-description Files with kek file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ken-file-extension
ken-file-description Player CDcheck compressed data
ken-file-description Files with ken extension can be found as old compressed files from Player CDcheck program.

kep-file-extension
kep-file-description Turbo Pascal DOS Tp19 compressed Kepler data
kep-file-description A kep file extension is associated with the Turbo Pascal for MS-DOS. A kep file stores compressed Kepler data.

ker-file-extension
ker-file-description ENVI filter kernels
ker-file-description A ker file extension is related to the ENVI, a geospatial program developed by Exelis. A ker file stores filter kernel.

kernel_complete-file-extension
kernel_complete-file-description KeRanger OS X ransomware data
kernel_complete-file-description A kernel_complete file extension is associated with the KeRanger OS X ransomware.

kernel_pid-file-extension
kernel_pid-file-description KeRanger OS X ransomware data
kernel_pid-file-description A kernel_pid file extension is related to the KeRanger, a ransomware for Apple Mac OS X operating system.

kernel_time-file-extension
kernel_time-file-description KeRanger OS X ransomware
kernel_time-file-description Files with kernel_time file extension are commonly used by KeRanger, a ransomware for Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system.

kes-file-extension
kes-file-description Kurzweil 3000 text-to-speech document
kes-file-description Files with kes suffix might be found as special text-to-speech documents from Kurzweil 3000.

keturacomparison-file-extension
keturacomparison-file-description Araxis Merge comparison data
keturacomparison-file-description A keturacomparison file extension is related to the Araxis Merge software.

kev-file-extension
kev-file-description JAWS preload file
kev-file-description Files with kev extension are used for the JAWS program for its internal purposes.

kex-file-extension
kex-file-description KEDIT profile macro
kex-file-description A kex file extension is related to the KEDIT, a text editor for Microsoft Windows. A kex file stores profile macro.

kexi-file-extension
kexi-file-description Kexi database
kexi-file-description A kexi file extension is related to Kexi, a database software for Linux operating system. A kexi file stores database.

kexic-file-extension
kexic-file-description Kexi database connection settings file
kexic-file-description The kexic file extension is related to the Kexi a free database software for Linux. The kexic file stores database connection settings.

kexis-file-extension
kexis-file-description Kexi database connection file
kexis-file-description The kexis file extension is related to Kexis a database application. The *.kexis stores database connection settings.

key-file-extension
key-file-description Licence or encrypted security key
key-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe KEY file extension!

key-backupbyhdinspectorportable-file-extension
key-backupbyhdinspectorportable-file-description Hard Drive Inspector Windows Registry key backup
key-backupbyhdinspectorportable-file-description The key-backupbyhdinspectorportable file extension is related to the Hard Drive Inspector Windows Registry backup.

key-tef-file-extension
key-tef-file-description Apple Keynote iCloud presentation
key-tef-file-description Files with key-tef extension are used for the Apple Keynote program. It is a document file format.

keyboard-file-extension
keyboard-file-description Amaya configuration data
keyboard-file-description A .keyboard file extension is related to the Amaya and used for its configuration files.

keybtc%40inbox_com-file-extension
keybtc%40inbox_com-file-description KeyBTC ransomware affected data
keybtc%40inbox_com-file-description Files with keybtc@inbox_com extension can be found as encrypted and renamed archives affected by the as KeyBTC ransomware.

keychain-file-extension
keychain-file-description Apple Keychain password data
keychain-file-description A keychain file extension is related to the Apple Keychain, a password management tool. A keychain file stores encrypted passwords.

keyhelp-file-extension
keyhelp-file-description UltraEdit data
keyhelp-file-description A keyhelp file extension is related to the UltraEdit an editing tool from IDM Computer Solutions, Inc.

keylist-file-extension
keylist-file-description UltraEdit data
keylist-file-description A keylist file extension is related to the UltraEdit text editing tool.

keystore-file-extension
keystore-file-description Java keytool key database
keystore-file-description Files with keystore extension are almost always keytool key databases from Java environment and programming language.

keytab-file-extension
keytab-file-description Unix Kerberos encrypted key
keytab-file-description A keytab file extension is related to the Unix and Unix-like operating systems. A keytab file contains encrypted keys for Kerberos protocol.

kf-file-extension
kf-file-description The Elder Scrolls: Oblivion game data
kf-file-description A kf file extension is related to the The Elder Scrolls, a fantasy RPG video game series. A kf file contains game data.

kf2-file-extension
kf2-file-description Max Payne resource data
kf2-file-description A kf2 file extension is related to the Max Payne and used for its game resource files.

kf8-file-extension
kf8-file-description Amazon Kindle Format 8
kf8-file-description A kf8 file extension is associated with latest e-book file format for Kindle devices.

kfa-file-extension
kfa-file-description Serif DrawPlus key-frame animation
kfa-file-description A kfa file extension is related to the Serif DrawPlus, a drawing tool. A kfa file stores key-frame animation.

kfb-file-extension
kfb-file-description Pyke knowledge fact base
kfb-file-description A kfb file extension is related to the Pyke knowledge fact base format.

kfc-file-extension
kfc-file-description Cumulus projected map
kfc-file-description A kfc file extension is related to Cumulus navigation software and used for its projected map files.

kfg-file-extension
kfg-file-description Adobe Acrobat rule
kfg-file-description A kfg file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat and used for its rule data.

kfi-file-extension
kfi-file-description 3D Forgastest Editor data
kfi-file-description Files with kfi file extension can be found as files from old 3D Forgastest Editor.

kfl-file-extension
kfl-file-description Microsoft Outlook RSS feed list
kfl-file-description Files with kfl extension can be usually encountered as RSS feed lists for Microsoft Outlook.

kfm-file-extension
kfm-file-description GameBryo KFM data
kfm-file-description A kfm file extension is associated with the GameBryo a games development tool.

kfn-file-extension
kfn-file-description KaraFun karaoke song
kfn-file-description Files with kfn file extension can be found as karaoke audio songs for KaraFun free karaoke songs player.

kfo-file-extension
kfo-file-description KONICA MINOLTA bizhub copier overlay data
kfo-file-description A file suffix kfo is related to the overlay data created by system driver for KONICA MINOLTA bizhub copier.

kfp-file-extension
kfp-file-description Adobe Acrobat preflight profile
kfp-file-description Files with kfp file extension can be most often found as preflight profiles from Adobe Acrobat PDF authoring tool.

kfr-file-extension
kfr-file-description Kalles Fraktaler parameter data
kfr-file-description A kfr file extension is related to the Kalles Fraktaler and used for its parameter files.

kfs-file-extension
kfs-file-description Max Payne model
kfs-file-description A kfs file extension is related to the Max Payne computer game. A kfs file stores game models.

kft-file-extension
kft-file-description Korg T-series wave data
kft-file-description A kft file extension is related to the Korg T-series wave data format.

kfx-file-extension
kfx-file-description Kofax Group 4 bitmap graphics
kfx-file-description A kfx file extension is related to the Kofax Group 4 bitmap graphics format.

kg2-file-extension
kg2-file-description Keygrip2 demo
kg2-file-description Files with kg2 file suffix are associated with the Keygrip2 program. A kg2 file contains demo.

kgb-file-extension
kgb-file-description KGB Archiver compressed archive
kgb-file-description Files with kgb extension are mainly compressed archives created using KGB Archiver. Looks like the program is no longer developed but still available on its SourceForge website.

kge-file-extension
kge-file-description KGB Archiver encrypted compressed archive
kge-file-description A kge file extension is related to the KGB Archiver and used for its encrypted and compressed archives.

kgm-file-extension
kgm-file-description KeyTERRA-FIRMA ground model
kgm-file-description A kgm file extension is related to the KeyTERRA-FIRMA plug-in for AutoCAD. It is used for ground model files.

kgr-file-extension
kgr-file-description SmartConfig configuration data
kgr-file-description Files with kgr file extension an be found as KCM configuration files.

kgs-file-extension
kgs-file-description Kogeo toolbar settings
kgs-file-description A kgs file extension is related to the Kogeo toolbar settings format.

kgt-file-extension
kgt-file-description Vanguard Princess game data
kgt-file-description A kgt file extension is related to the Vanguard Princess, a fighting video game. A kgt file contains game data.

khd-file-extension
khd-file-description Microsoft Dynamics AX kernel help data
khd-file-description A khd file extension is related to the Microsoft Dynamics AX solution. A khd file stores kernel help data.

khe-file-extension
khe-file-description kHED 3D document
khe-file-description A khe file extension is related to the kHED, a 3D editor for Microsoft Windows. A khe file stores 3D document.

khi-file-extension
khi-file-description Microsoft Dynamics AX kernel help index
khi-file-description A khi file extension is related to the Microsoft Dynamics AX and used for its kernel help index files.

kht-file-extension
kht-file-description Nonosoft KHOT data
kht-file-description A kht file extension is related to the Nonosoft Khot program. A kht file contains data.

khub-file-extension
khub-file-description Offline Course Player file
khub-file-description A khub file extension is associated with the Offline Course Player from Element K.

kic-file-extension
kic-file-description Kodak compressed image
kic-file-description A kic file extension is related to the Kodak EasyShare software. A kic file contains compressed image.

kid-file-extension
kid-file-description Kidspiration document
kid-file-description A kid file extension is related to the Kidspiration, an e-learning program for Windows. A .kid file stores document.

kid2-file-extension
kid2-file-description Kid Pix data
kid2-file-description A kid2 file extension is related to the Kid Pix, a drawing software. A kid2 file stores data.

kids-file-extension
kids-file-description Kid Pix data
kids-file-description Files with kids file extension can mainly be found as part of old Kid Pix program for Macintosh.

kif-file-extension
kif-file-description AutoCAD key Index file format
kif-file-description A kif file extension is associated with the AutoCAD, a 3D modeling tool and used for its key index file format.

kik-file-extension
kik-file-description Unknown file extension
kik-file-description Files with kik file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

kill-file-extension
kill-file-description Kill file
kill-file-description It is not actual file extension, but is a frequently searched query on our website.

kim-file-extension
kim-file-description Commodore KIM-1 image
kim-file-description A kim file extension is related to the KIM-1 emulators, like MAME and MESS.

kimcilware-file-extension
kimcilware-file-description KimcilWare ransomware affected data
kimcilware-file-description Files with kimcilware file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by the KimcilWare ransomware.

kin-file-extension
kin-file-description Cakewalk Kinetic music project
kin-file-description Files with kin extension are used for the Cakewalk Kinetic. They include music projects which are created and saved in this program.

kipx-file-extension
kipx-file-description QQ Messenger theme
kipx-file-description Files with kipx file extension are related to the QQ Messenger and used for its themes.

kir-file-extension
kir-file-description Kiruna magnetometer data
kir-file-description A kir file extension is related to the Kiruna magnetometer data file format.

kismac-file-extension
kismac-file-description KisMAC web service file
kismac-file-description Detailed description

kit-file-extension
kit-file-description 20-20 Design kitchen design
kit-file-description Files with kit extension are kitchen designs from 20-20 Design CAD designing tool that allows users to create interior designs.

kix-file-extension
kix-file-description KiXtart script
kix-file-description A kix file extension is related to the KiXtart and used for its script files.

kiz-file-extension
kiz-file-description Kodak digital postcard file
kiz-file-description Files with kiz extension are used by many applications which are developed by Kodak company. They contain postcards created from photos.

kjv-file-extension
kjv-file-description TheWord data
kjv-file-description A kjv file extension is related to the TheWord, a bible studying software. A kjv file stores data.

kk0-file-extension
kk0-file-description KFK File Splitter split data
kk0-file-description A kk0 file extension is related to the KFK File Splitter and used for its split files.

kkd-file-extension
kkd-file-description K Kitchen burning project
kkd-file-description A kkd file extension is related to the K Kitchen, a burning software for Apple Mac OS X (macOS). A kkd file stores burning project.

kkf-file-extension
kkf-file-description Kaleidoscope Kreator workspace
kkf-file-description Files with kkf file extension are related to the Kaleidoscope Kreator workspace format.

kkk-file-extension
kkk-file-description Filmetrics F20 material data
kkk-file-description A kkk file extension is related to the Filmetrics F20 material data file format.

kkw-file-extension
kkw-file-description Adobe RoboHelp keyword help project index
kkw-file-description A kkw file extension is related to the Adobe RoboHelp and used for its keyword help project index files.

kl1-file-extension
kl1-file-description Unknown file extension
kl1-file-description Files with kl1 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

kl3-file-extension
kl3-file-description KL3 source code
kl3-file-description A kl3 file extension is related to the source code files written in KL3 programming language.

kla-file-extension
kla-file-description KLARFF map data
kla-file-description Files with kla extension are used for KLARFF sofwtare.

klb-file-extension
klb-file-description KidPix sticker, stamp album
klb-file-description A klb file extension is associated with the KidPix sticker, stamp album format.

klc-file-extension
klc-file-description Microsoft Keyboard Layout Creator keyboard data
klc-file-description A klc file extension is related to the Microsoft Keyboard Layout Creator and used for its keyboard files.

kld-file-extension
kld-file-description Dungeon Keeper 2 playable map
kld-file-description A kld file extension is related to the Dungeon Keeper 2 playable map files.

klf-file-extension
klf-file-description KaloMa data
klf-file-description A klf file extension is related to the KaloMa, a German calories management software.

klg-file-extension
klg-file-description Log file
klg-file-description Files with klg extension are text format files used by some programs like Sophos antivirus etc.

kli-file-extension
kli-file-description KalKulator Linear Algebra data
kli-file-description Files with kli file extension can be found as part of old KalKulator Linear Algebra program.

klip-file-extension
klip-file-description KlipFolio data
klip-file-description A klip file extension is related to the KlipFolio and used for its data files.

klk-file-extension
klk-file-description Orgadata LogiKal data
klk-file-description A klk file extension is related to the Orgadata LogiKal and used for its data files.

klm-file-extension
klm-file-description Keyhole Markup Language (Google Earth)
klm-file-description Files with klm extension are related to the Keyhole Markup Language and used to visualize maps and models in geographic applications.

klnx-file-extension
klnx-file-description Unknown file extension
klnx-file-description Files with klnx file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

klp-file-extension
klp-file-description CLIP PROJECT terminal-strip project
klp-file-description A klp file extension is related to the CLIP PROJECT terminal-strip project file format.

klq-file-extension
klq-file-description Kaspersky Anti-Virus quarantine data
klq-file-description A klq file extension is related to the Kaspersky Anti-Virus software. A klq file stores data in quarantine.

klt-file-extension
klt-file-description KLT Atlas data
klt-file-description Files with klt file extension are associated with KLT Atlas photogrammetric data capture system.

klw-file-extension
klw-file-description KlattWorks document
klw-file-description A klw file extension is related to the KlattWorks and used for its document files.

klx-file-extension
klx-file-description Kelk 2000 data
klx-file-description A klx file extension is related to the Kelk 2000 for Microsoft Windows operating system. A klx file contains some kind of data.

klz-file-extension
klz-file-description Kaspersky Anti-Virus update
klz-file-description Files with klz file suffix are related to the Kaspersky Anti-Virus. A klz file stores virus definitions.

km-file-extension
km-file-description BMC Patrol data
km-file-description Files with km file extension can be found as part of BMC Patrol software.

km2-file-extension
km2-file-description ActiveModeler process map
km2-file-description A km2 file extension is related to the ActiveModeler process map format.

kma-file-extension
kma-file-description Correlate Archive knowledge Map data
kma-file-description A kma file extension is related to the Correlate archive and used for its knowledge map files.

kmb-file-extension
kmb-file-description AiM GPS Manager track data
kmb-file-description A kmb file extension is related to the AiM GPS Manager track data file format.

kmc-file-extension
kmc-file-description Kinemac animation data
kmc-file-description A kmc file extension is related to Kinemac, a 3D animation tool for Mac. A kmc file stores animation created in Kinemac.

kmcobj-file-extension
kmcobj-file-description Kinemac sprite object
kmcobj-file-description A kmcobj file extension is related to the Kinemac 3D animation software. A kmcobj file stores sprite object.

kmd-file-extension
kmd-file-description ABSTAT for Windows batch data
kmd-file-description A kmd file extension is related to the ABSTAT for Windows and used for its batch sequences.

kmdi-file-extension
kmdi-file-description Kermeta file
kmdi-file-description Files with KMDI extension are related to Kermeta workbench. These files are some sort of scripts.

kmdr-file-extension
kmdr-file-description Kommander data
kmdr-file-description A kmdr file extension is related to the Kommander development environment.

kmf-file-extension
kmf-file-description Kwalitan memo file
kmf-file-description Files with kmf suffix can be sometimes found as memos made in Kwaitan software.

kmg-file-extension
kmg-file-description Sega Dreamcast uncompressed image
kmg-file-description A kmg file extension is related to the Sega Dreamcast uncompressed image file format.

kmm-file-extension
kmm-file-description K-Meleon macro module file
kmm-file-description Files with kmm extension are used by the K-Meleon program.

kmmp-file-extension
kmmp-file-description Knowledge Master data
kmmp-file-description A kmmp file extension is related to the Knowledge Master software for Microsoft Windows.

kmn-file-extension
kmn-file-description Keyman Developer source file
kmn-file-description Files with kmn extension are associated with Keyman Developer program. They are keyboard source data files.

kmo-file-extension
kmo-file-description Commercial Bank Czech financial data exchange format
kmo-file-description A kmo file extension is related to the Commercial Bank Czech financial data exchange format files.

kmp-file-extension
kmp-file-description Korg Trinity audio
kmp-file-description A kmp file extension is related to the Korg Trinity and Triton. A kmp file contains audio data.

kmr-file-extension
kmr-file-description KnowledgeMill linked resource
kmr-file-description Files with kmr file extension can be found as special links for the KnowledgeMill Filler plugin for Microsoft Outlook.

kms-file-extension
kms-file-description Correlate solution topic data
kms-file-description Files with kms file extension can be found as one of the data file from Correlate file management program.

kmt-file-extension
kmt-file-description Kermeta file
kmt-file-description Files with kmt extension are used for Kermeta for Eclipse software. They store meta models data.

kmtf-file-extension
kmtf-file-description Garmin Nuvi GPS map
kmtf-file-description Files with kmtf file extension can be found as GPS maps for Garmin Nuvi navigation.

kmv-file-extension
kmv-file-description Mobile DJ video data
kmv-file-description A kmv file extension is related to the Mobile DJ video file format used by some mobile phones.

kmx-file-extension
kmx-file-description Keyman Desktop compiled keyboard data
kmx-file-description A kmx file extension is associated with the Keyman Desktop compiled keyboard data format.

kmy-file-extension
kmy-file-description KMyMoney data
kmy-file-description A kmy file extension is related to the KMyMoney, a finance manager and used for its data files.

knb-file-extension
knb-file-description Neuro-Expert System knowledge base data
knb-file-description A knb file extension is related to the Neuro-Expert System knowledge base data file format.

kne-file-extension
kne-file-description KeyNote encrypted data
kne-file-description A kne file extension is related to the KeyNote encrypted files.

knf-file-extension
knf-file-description Orchida Knitting System data
knf-file-description Files with knf file extension are associated with  the Orchida Knitting System. A knf file stores data.

kni-file-extension
kni-file-description Klango Player data
kni-file-description A kni file extension is associated with the Klango Player and used for its data files.

knk-file-extension
knk-file-description KNK Studio cutting document
knk-file-description Files with knk file extension are related to the KNK Studio cutting document format.

knm-file-extension
knm-file-description KeyNote data
knm-file-description A knm file extension is related to the KeyNote software for Microsoft Windows.

knn-file-extension
knn-file-description Clarion database key
knn-file-description A knn file extension is related to the Clarion database software. A knn file stores database key.

knnk-file-extension
knnk-file-description OmniPage file
knnk-file-description Files with KNNK extension can be found as part of Nuance OmniPage software.

kno-file-extension
kno-file-description Personal Knowbase data
kno-file-description A kno file extension is related to the Personal Knowbase and used for its data files.

knt-file-extension
knt-file-description Tranglos KeyNote note
knt-file-description Files with knt file extension can be usually found as note documents from Tranglos KeyNote program.

knv-file-extension
knv-file-description WWE WrestleMania 21 game data
knv-file-description Files with the knv file extension are used for WWE WrestleMania 21 game data files.

knw-file-extension
knw-file-description Live for Speed AI knowledge data
knw-file-description Files with knw file extension can be found as AI knowledge files from Live for Speed online racing game.

ko-file-extension
ko-file-description Linux kernel module
ko-file-description A ko file extension is related to the Linux operating system and used for its Kernel modules.

koa-file-extension
koa-file-description Koala paint C64 file format
koa-file-description A koa file extension is related to the Koala Painter and used for its paint files.

kob-file-extension
kob-file-description Kasemake 3D object
kob-file-description Files with kob file extension might be found as 3D object data files for Kasemake package design software.

kodak-file-extension
kodak-file-description Kodak Photo CD data
kodak-file-description A kodak file extension is related to the Kodak Photo CD. A .kodak file stores data.

kodi-file-extension
kodi-file-description Kodi update data
kodi-file-description A kodi file extension is related to the Kodi (XBMC) and used for its update data.

kodu-file-extension
kodu-file-description Kodu project
kodu-file-description A kodu file extension is related to the Kodu, a video games developing software. A kodu file stores game produced in Kodu app.

koe-file-extension
koe-file-description Turbo Pascal DOS file
koe-file-description There is  one other file type  usingthe KOE file extension!

kof-file-extension
kof-file-description Kylix options data
kof-file-description A kof file extension is related to the Kylix, an integrated development environment for Linux. A kof file stores some options data.

kog-file-extension
kog-file-description euKaryotic Orthologous Groups database
kog-file-description A kog file extension is related to the euKaryotic Orthologous Groups database format.

kok-file-extension
kok-file-description KaraFun karaoke data
kok-file-description Files with kok file extension are related to the KaraFun karaoke data.

kom-file-extension
kom-file-description Kit-O-Mat 3D model
kom-file-description A kom file extension is related to the Kit-O-Mat 3D model file format.

komodo-file-extension
komodo-file-description KMD data
komodo-file-description A komodo file extension is related to the KMD a graphic debugger for Manchester ARM Board.

komodotool-file-extension
komodotool-file-description Komodo IDE data
komodotool-file-description A komodotool file extension is related to the Komodo development tool. A komodotool file contains data.

kon-file-extension
kon-file-description Yahoo! Widget XML file
kon-file-description Files with kon extension are used for Yahoo! Widgets. They include code for running the Yahoo! widget.

kor-file-extension
kor-file-description Korean localization language data
kor-file-description A kor file extension is related to the Korean localization language data format.

kos-file-extension
kos-file-description MicroType Pro document file
kos-file-description FIles with kos extension are used for MicroType Pro learning software. They include documents data.

kostya-file-extension
kostya-file-description Kostya ransomware affected file
kostya-file-description Files with kostya suffix can be typically encountered as encrypted archives that had their extension renamed by Kostya ransomware.

kow-file-extension
kow-file-description Reuters Kobra data
kow-file-description Files with kow file extension are related to the Reuters Kobra software for Windows.

koz-file-extension
koz-file-description Sprint Music Store music data
koz-file-description A koz file extension is related to the audio file format used by the Sprint Music Store.

ko_-file-extension
ko_-file-description Unknown file extension
ko_-file-description Files with ko_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

kp04-file-extension
kp04-file-description Kai's Power Tools preset
kp04-file-description A kp4 file extension is related to the Kai's Power Tools and used for its preset files.

kpb-file-extension
kpb-file-description KeypadBuilder project
kpb-file-description Files with kpb file extension are associated with the KeypadBuilder and used for its project files.

kpdx-file-extension
kpdx-file-description KeePass password database
kpdx-file-description A kpdx file extension is related to KeePass Password Safe software for Windows. A kpdx file stores password database.

kpe-file-extension
kpe-file-description KORE performance data
kpe-file-description Files with kpe file extension can be found as performance data files for KORE.

kpf-file-extension
kpf-file-description Komodo project
kpf-file-description A kpf file extension is related to the Komodo, an integrated development tool for Perl. A kpf file contains Perl project.

kpg-file-extension
kpg-file-description KPT Goo graphics file
kpg-file-description Files with kpg extension were used by Kai's Power Tools Goo graphics filter. They contain some graphics data.

kpj-file-extension
kpj-file-description Keyman Developer project file
kpj-file-description Files with kpj extension are associated with Keyman Developer program. They contain project data saved in the software.

kpl-file-extension
kpl-file-description KMPlayer playlist
kpl-file-description A kpl file extension is used for playlist files created by the KMPlayer, a popular multimedia player for Windows.

kpp-file-extension
kpp-file-description Kid Pix presentation
kpp-file-description A kpp file extension is associated with the Kid Pix, a drawing program for Windows. A kpp file contains presentation.

kpr-file-extension
kpr-file-description Fifa World Cup game data
kpr-file-description A kpr file extension is related to the FIFA World Cup and used for its game data.

kproj-file-extension
kproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio preview
kproj-file-description A kproj file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio development environment.

kps-file-extension
kps-file-description Keyman Developer packaged source
kps-file-description Files with kps file extension can nowadays be mostly found as packaged sources from Keyman Developer.

kpt-file-extension
kpt-file-description KPresenter template
kpt-file-description A kpt file extension is related to the KPresenter a tool for creating digital presentation documents. A kpt file stores template of presentation.

kpx-file-extension
kpx-file-description Kid Pix Deluxe data
kpx-file-description A kpx file extension is related to the Kid Pix Deluxe and used for its data files.

kpz-file-extension
kpz-file-description Komodo template
kpz-file-description A kpz file extension is related to the Komodo development tool. A kpz file stores template.

kqb-file-extension
kqb-file-description Pyke knowledge question base
kqb-file-description Files with kqb file extension are used by PyKE for knowledge question base data.

kqba-file-extension
kqba-file-description KeyQuencer data
kqba-file-description A kqba file extension is related to the KeyQuencer macro tool for Mac.

kqp-file-extension
kqp-file-description Konica camera photo impage
kqp-file-description Files with kqp extension may be mostly found as older photos recorded using Konica digital cameras. Konica Quality Photos.

kr-file-extension
kr-file-description Appian server data
kr-file-description A kr file extension is related to the Appian and used for its server data files.

kr1-file-extension
kr1-file-description Kurzweil 2000 sample
kr1-file-description A kr1 file extension is related to the Kurzweil 2000 an audio format used to split sample data.

kra-file-extension
kra-file-description Krita image
kra-file-description A kra file extension is related to the Krita picture image editor. A kra file contains picture image.

krab-file-extension
krab-file-description GandCrab v4 ransomware affected data
krab-file-description Files with krab file extension can be lately found as renamed encrypted archives affected by GandCrab ransomware.

krabbyquestsavedgame-file-extension
krabbyquestsavedgame-file-description SpongeBob SquarePants Krabby Quest saved game
krabbyquestsavedgame-file-description The krabbyquestsavedgame file extension is related to the SpongeBob SquarePants Krabby Quest.

kraken-file-extension
kraken-file-description Rakhni ransomware affected file
kraken-file-description Files with kraken suffix can be often encountered on computers affected by the Rakhni type ransomware.

kratos-file-extension
kratos-file-description KratosCrypt ransomware affected data
kratos-file-description Files with kratos file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed files affected by the KratosCrypt ransomware.

kraw-file-extension
kraw-file-description Mac OS X kernel-RAW image format
kraw-file-description Detailed description

krb-file-extension
krb-file-description Pyke knowledge rule base
krb-file-description A krb file extension is related to the Pyke knowledge rule base format.

krc-file-extension
krc-file-description Mouse and Key Recorder recorded settings
krc-file-description A krc file extension is related to the Mouse and Key Recorder software. A krc file stores recorded settings.

krf-file-extension
krf-file-description KMESS curve reference data
krf-file-description Files with krf extension might be found as curve reference data files from Kevin's Mesh Efficiency Simulator Software (KMESS).

krg-file-extension
krg-file-description Sybase Adaptive Server information
krg-file-description A krg file extension is related to the Sybase Adaptive Server developed by Sybase and used for its information files.

kris-file-extension
kris-file-description Kris tracker audio data
kris-file-description A kris file extension is related to the Kris tracker audio data format.

krm-file-extension
krm-file-description Kenwood firmware data
krm-file-description Files with krm extension are firmware updates for Kenwood consumer electronics.

krn-file-extension
krn-file-description NBA 99 fonts file
krn-file-description Files with krn extension are associated with NBA LIVE 1999.

kro-file-extension
kro-file-description Kolor RAW format
kro-file-description A kro file extension is related to the Kolor RAW format used to store bitmap images.

krs-file-extension
krs-file-description GEUS drawing
krs-file-description Files with krs file extension are drawings created and saved in the GEUS software.

krt-file-extension
krt-file-description Microsoft Visual FoxPro recreation data
krt-file-description A krt file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual FoxPro programming language and development environment. A krt file stores recreation data.

krx-file-extension
krx-file-description Karaoke Midi file
krx-file-description Files with krx extension are used for Karaoke Midi files.

krz-file-extension
krz-file-description Kurzweil 2000 sample file
krz-file-description A krz file extension is associated with the Kurzweil 2000 audio format.

ks-file-extension
ks-file-description Microsoft Works spreadsheet
ks-file-description A ks file extension is related to the Microsoft Works, an office suite for Microsoft Windows. A ks file stores spreadsheet.

ks-ia1-file-extension
ks-ia1-file-description Infinite Algebra data
ks-ia1-file-description A ks-ia1 file extension is related to the Infinite Algebra and used for its data files.

ks3-file-extension
ks3-file-description 3D Forgastest Editor data
ks3-file-description Files with ks3 file extension can be found as files from old 3D Forgastest Editor.

ksb-file-extension
ksb-file-description Evil Genius key stroke bindings data
ksb-file-description A ksb file extension is related to the Evil Genius and used for its key stroke bindings files.

ksc-file-extension
ksc-file-description Korg Trinity script
ksc-file-description Files with ksc file extension can be found as one of the file type used in old Korg Trinity music synthesizer.

ksds-file-extension
ksds-file-description Absynth Kore patch format
ksds-file-description A ksds file extension is related to the Absynth and Kore programs. A ksds file contains patch.

kse-file-extension
kse-file-description Keepsake Studio export data
kse-file-description A kse file extension is related to the Keepsake Studio and used for its exported data files.

kseqs-file-extension
kseqs-file-description Kestrel sequence database file
kseqs-file-description Detailed description

ksf-file-extension
ksf-file-description Korg Trinity sample file
ksf-file-description Files with ksf file extension can be mostly found as old audio samples from Korg Trinity synthesizer.

ksh-file-extension
ksh-file-description Unix shell script
ksh-file-description A ksh file extension is related to Unix shell script files written in KornShell programming language.

ksi-file-extension
ksi-file-description Alloy Blending System ASCII data file
ksi-file-description Files with ksi extension are used for Alloy Blending System software. They include simple text format data.

ksl-file-extension
ksl-file-description Karaoke Song List Creator song list
ksl-file-description A ksl file extension is related to the Karaoke Song List Creator and used for its song list files.

ksm-file-extension
ksm-file-description KSM embroidery file format
ksm-file-description A ksm file extension is related to the KSM embroidery file format used by PFAFF machines.

ksml-file-extension
ksml-file-description Halo Custom Edition data
ksml-file-description A ksml file extension is associated with the Halo Custom Edition computer game.

ksp-file-extension
ksp-file-description Calligra Sheets spreadsheet
ksp-file-description Files with ksp file extension can be usually found as spreadsheets made and saved in the Calligra Sheets spreadsheet editor.

kspmm-file-extension
kspmm-file-description Unknown file extension
kspmm-file-description Files with kspmm file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ksr-file-extension
ksr-file-description Kiwi Syslog Server daemon
ksr-file-description A ksr file extension is related to the Kiwi Syslog Server daemon data.

kss-file-extension
kss-file-description FabTrol MRP template
kss-file-description A kss file extension is related to the FabTrol MRP and used for its template files.

kst-file-extension
kst-file-description Olivetti Olitext Plus script
kst-file-description Files with kst file extension can be found as some sort of scripts from old software called Olitext Plus by Olivetti.

ksw-file-extension
ksw-file-description Kepler workflow document
ksw-file-description A ksw file extension is associated with the Kepler application for various platforms.

kt-file-extension
kt-file-description Kotlin source code
kt-file-description A kt file extension is related to the Kotlin programming language. A kt file contains source code.

kt2-file-extension
kt2-file-description Battery 2 drum kit file format
kt2-file-description A kt2 file extension is related to the Battery, a music composing program. A kt2 file stores drum kit.

kt3-file-extension
kt3-file-description Battery 3 drum kit file format
kt3-file-description A kt3 file extension is related to the Battery 3 audio program. A kt3 file contains drum kit.

ktb-file-extension
ktb-file-description BRLTTY data
ktb-file-description Files with ktb extension might be found as part of BRLTTY unix program for showing using a refreshable braille display.

ktf-file-extension
ktf-file-description KeyTruss truss data
ktf-file-description Files with ktf file extension can be found as saved trusses from KeyTruss program.

kth-file-extension
kth-file-description Apple iWork Keynote theme file
kth-file-description Files with kth extension are used for the Keynote for Mac OS.

ktl-file-extension
ktl-file-description LILO Linux Bootloader data
ktl-file-description A ktl file extension is related to the LILO Linux Bootloader and used for its data files.

ktm-file-extension
ktm-file-description Unknown file extension
ktm-file-description Files with ktm file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ktn-file-extension
ktn-file-description KTooN animation
ktn-file-description A ktn file extension is related to the KTooN, a 2D animation app. A ktn file stores animation.

kto-file-extension
kto-file-description netKar Pro Mid Ohio data
kto-file-description A kto file extension is related to the netKar, a racing simulation computer game and used for its game data files.

ktp-file-extension
ktp-file-description Cakewalk Kinetic project template
ktp-file-description A ktp file extension is related to the Cakewalk Kinetic program. A ktp file stores project template.

ktr-file-extension
ktr-file-description KeyTruss truss data
ktr-file-description Files with ktr file extension can be found as saved trusses from KeyTruss program.

kts-file-extension
kts-file-description Kotlin source code
kts-file-description A kts file extension is related to the Kotlin programming language. A kts file contains source code.

ktspack-file-extension
ktspack-file-description KeyTruss FTP truss archive
ktspack-file-description Files with ktspack file extension can be found as FTP archives that contain truss files submitted through KeyComm service.

ktt-file-extension
ktt-file-description KeyText data
ktt-file-description A kkt file extension is related to the KeyText, an automation program for Windows. A kkt file contains data.

ktw-file-extension
ktw-file-description KeyTweak configuration
ktw-file-description A ktw file extension is related to the KeyTweak software and used for its configuration.

ktx-file-extension
ktx-file-description Kwaitan data file
ktx-file-description Files with ktx extension are related to the Kwaitan, a text analyzing tool for Microsoft Windows.

ktz-file-extension
ktz-file-description Kahootz project
ktz-file-description A ktz file extension is related to he Kahootz and used for its project files.

kuf-file-extension
kuf-file-description K.Y.N.G update data
kuf-file-description A kuf file extension is related to the K.Y.N.G application for some set top boxes.

kuip-file-extension
kuip-file-description Kingsoft Office personalization data
kuip-file-description A kuip file extension is related to the Kingsoft Office personalization data.

kumac-file-extension
kumac-file-description Physics Analysis Workstation macro
kumac-file-description A kumac file extension is related to the Physics Analysis Workstation and used for its macro files.

kup-file-extension
kup-file-description Karaoke Song List Creator database
kup-file-description A kup file extension is related to the Karaoke Song List Creator and used for its database files.

kuu-file-extension
kuu-file-description K.Y.N.G data
kuu-file-description A kuu file extension is related to the K.Y.N.G, a software for some set top boxes.

kux-file-extension
kux-file-description Multimedia data file
kux-file-description Files with kux file extension can be possibly found as some sort of older multimedia files from a software/device that was popular in Asia years ago.

kv-file-extension
kv-file-description Kivy language data
kv-file-description A kv file extension is related to the Kivy, an open source Python library. A kv file stores source code written Kivy.

kv6-file-extension
kv6-file-description Ace of Spades model
kv6-file-description A kv6 file extension is related to the Ace of Spades computer game.

kva-file-extension
kva-file-description KVIrc compressed archive
kva-file-description A kva file extension is associated with the KVIrc compressed archive format.

kvk-file-extension
kvk-file-description Keyman Desktop On Screen Keyboard data
kvk-file-description A kvk file extension is associated with the Keyman Desktop On Screen Keyboard data files.

kvml-file-extension
kvml-file-description KWordQuiz data
kvml-file-description Files with kvml file extension are related to the KWordQuiz program.

kvq-file-extension
kvq-file-description Sega Smash Pack PC version file
kvq-file-description Files with kvq extension are used by Sega Smash Pack, series of Sega Genesis games. It is one of game file formats.

kvt-file-extension
kvt-file-description KVIrc theme
kvt-file-description A kvt file suffix is associated with the KVIrc, an IRC client. A kvt file contains theme.

kvtml-file-extension
kvtml-file-description KWordQuiz data
kvtml-file-description A kvtml file extension is related to the KWordQuiz and used for its data files.

kvw-file-extension
kvw-file-description Google Earth workspace
kvw-file-description A kvw file extension is related to the Google Earth and used for its workspace files.

kvx-file-extension
kvx-file-description Voxel data
kvx-file-description A kvx file extension is related to the voxel file format that is used to store voxel graphics.

kwa-file-extension
kwa-file-description KWIVER video data
kwa-file-description A kwa file extension is associated with the KWIVER and used for its video data.

kwb-file-extension
kwb-file-description KeyWord braille data
kwb-file-description A kwb file extension is associated with the KeyWord and used for its braille data.

kwd-file-extension
kwd-file-description KWord document (old)
kwd-file-description Files with kwd suffix can be typically found as documents that have been saved in some older versions of KWord word processor.

kwe-file-extension
kwe-file-description kCura Win Edds data
kwe-file-description A kwe file extension is related to the kCura Win Edds data format.

kwf-file-extension
kwf-file-description Delphi Pascal chart
kwf-file-description A kwf file extension is related to the Delphi, a programming environment. A kwf file stores Pascal chart.

kwi-file-extension
kwi-file-description KIWI Navigation system database
kwi-file-description Files with kwi file extension can be mainly found as some sort of databases for KIWI GPS navigation systems, for example used in Volvo cars.

kwl-file-extension
kwl-file-description KWalletManager data
kwl-file-description Files with kwl file extension can be found in relation to KWalletManager program for Linux.

kwm-file-extension
kwm-file-description WM Keeper CLASSIC key data
kwm-file-description Files with kwm file extension are mostly related to VM Keeper Classic payment service client. These files are encrypted key for user transactions.

kwp-file-extension
kwp-file-description Kamban document
kwp-file-description Files with kwp suffix might be found as documents created in Kamban wordprocessor. Tamil text editor.

kwreplay-file-extension
kwreplay-file-description Command & Conquer 3 replay
kwreplay-file-description A kwreplay file extension is related to the Command & Conquer 3, a real-time strategic video game. A kwreplay file stores replay.

kws-file-extension
kws-file-description KeyWallet skin
kws-file-description A kws file extension is related to the KeyWallet password manager. A kws file contains skin.

kwt-file-extension
kwt-file-description KVIrc theme
kwt-file-description A kwt file extension is related to the KVIrc, an internet relay chat tool. A kwt file stores theme.

kwx-file-extension
kwx-file-description kCura Win Edds export data
kwx-file-description A kwx file extension is related to the kCura Win Edds export data format.

kx-file-extension
kx-file-description KiXtart tokenized script
kx-file-description Files with kx file extension is associated with the KiXtart tokenized script files.

kxa-file-extension
kxa-file-description kX add-on
kxa-file-description Files with kxa file extension are related to the kX Project and used for its add-ons.

kxc-file-extension
kxc-file-description KEA! X server settings
kxc-file-description An kxc file extension is related to the KEA! X, a PC X server that integrates the GUI-oriented X Window environment. An kxc file stores server settings.

kxf-file-extension
kxf-file-description Koda FormDesigner data
kxf-file-description The kxf file extension is related to the Koda FormDesigner tool. A kxf file stores some kind of data.

kxl-file-extension
kxl-file-description kX DSP effects library
kxl-file-description Files with kxl file extension are related to the kX DSP effects libraries.

kxp-file-extension
kxp-file-description KEY Home Gourmet data
kxp-file-description A kxp file extension is related to the KEY Home Gourmet software. A kxp file contains data.

kxr-file-extension
kxr-file-description GetAmped2 game archive
kxr-file-description Files with kxr file extension are related to the GetAmped2 video game and used for its game archives.

kxs-file-extension
kxs-file-description kX skin
kxs-file-description A kxs file extension is used by kX Project for its skin files.

kxsfc-file-extension
kxsfc-file-description kX SoundFont collection
kxsfc-file-description A kxsfc file extension is related to the kX SoundFont collection format.

kxx-file-extension
kxx-file-description Custom keyman engine product file
kxx-file-description Files with kxx extension are used by the Keyman Developer program. They are known as install data files.

kyb-file-extension
kyb-file-description Keyboard layout
kyb-file-description A kyb file extension is related to the keyboard layout settings files.

kye-file-extension
kye-file-description Kye level data
kye-file-description A kye file extension is associated with the Kye video game and used for its level data.

kyn-file-extension
kyn-file-description ALSee thumbnail cache
kyn-file-description A kyn file extension is related to the ALSee and used for its thumbnail cache.

kyr-file-extension
kyr-file-description Lotus Domino key ring
kyr-file-description A kyr file extension is related to the Lotus Domino and used for its key ring files.

kyra-file-extension
kyra-file-description Globe ransomware affected file
kyra-file-description Files with kyra suffix have been encrypted and renamed by the Globe ransomware.

kys-file-extension
kys-file-description Adobe keyboard shortcut
kys-file-description A kys file extension is associated with some apps developed by Adobe. A kys file contains keyboard shortcut.

kz-file-extension
kz-file-description KuiaiZip archive
kz-file-description Files with kz extension might be found as compressed archives created in KuiaiZip program.

kzb-file-extension
kzb-file-description Kanzi Studio binary data
kzb-file-description A kzb file suffix is related to the Kanzi Studio and used for its binary data.

kzm-file-extension
kzm-file-description Karizma Designer album
kzm-file-description Files with kzm file extension might be found as digital albums saved in Karizma Designer album creation software.

kzp-file-extension
kzp-file-description Kazoo3D picture image
kzp-file-description A kzp file extension is related to the Kazoo3D picture image format.

kzx-file-extension
kzx-file-description Kerkythea material data
kzx-file-description Files with kzx file extension can be found as material files for Kerkythea graphics renderer.

ldif-file-extension
ldif-file-description LDIF address book interchange format
ldif-file-description Files with ldif extension are saved contacts in Address Book Interchange Format. Typically used by email clients.

lib-file-extension
lib-file-description Microsoft Linker input library data

lit-file-extension
lit-file-description Microsoft Reader eBook

lng-file-extension
lng-file-description Language definition file

lnk-file-extension
lnk-file-description Windows Shortcut

locky-file-extension
locky-file-description Locky ransomware affected data
locky-file-description Files with locky file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed files affected by the Locky ransomware.

log-file-extension
log-file-description Log

logic-file-extension
logic-file-description Apple Logic Pro music project
logic-file-description A logic file extension is related to the Apple Logic Pro and used for its music project files.

lqm-file-extension
lqm-file-description LG QuickMemo note

lrc-file-extension
lrc-file-description Lyrics data
lrc-file-description Files with lrc file extension can commonly be found as lyrics for audio files. Used to show words when a song is played back.

lrtemplate-file-extension
lrtemplate-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom preset settings
lrtemplate-file-description Files with lrtemplate extension can be usually found as various user preset settings for Adobe Photoshop Lightroom digital photo editor.

lst-file-extension
lst-file-description List text

l-file-extension
l-file-description Lex language source code
l-file-description An l file extension is related to the Lex language source code files used by Unix-based operating systems.

l01-file-extension
l01-file-description ARC Digitized Raster Graphics file
l01-file-description Files with l01 extension are used in a ARC Digitized Raster Graphics. They include raster image data.

l16-file-extension
l16-file-description JRiver Media Center data
l16-file-description An l16 file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center software.

l1i-file-extension
l1i-file-description NutkungX script file
l1i-file-description Detailed description

l2l-file-extension
l2l-file-description IBM Voice Type languages addword
l2l-file-description An l2l file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type languages addword format.

l2p-file-extension
l2p-file-description IBM Voice Type languages addword
l2p-file-description An l2p file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type languages addword format.

l2r-file-extension
l2r-file-description Lineage II replay
l2r-file-description Files with l2r file extension can be mostly found as replays made in Lineage II MMORPG computer game.

l3-file-extension
l3-file-description L3 DRM protected video
l3-file-description An l3 file extension is related to L3 DRM protected video file format.

l32-file-extension
l32-file-description Swift line 21 caption data
l32-file-description An l32 file extension is related to the Swift Create and used for its line 21 caption data.

l3b-file-extension
l3b-file-description SR 3D Builder model
l3b-file-description Files with l3b file extension are associated with the SR 3D Builder. An l3b file contains model from this program.

l3d-file-extension
l3d-file-description Black & White graphics data
l3d-file-description An l3d file extension is related to the Black & White computer game. An l3d file stores game graphic.

l4d-file-extension
l4d-file-description Cinema 4D layout settings
l4d-file-description An l4d file extension is related to the Cinema 4D, a 3D modeling tool and used for its layout settings.

l5k-file-extension
l5k-file-description RSLogix 5000 data
l5k-file-description Files with l5k file extension might also be found as saved controllers for RSLogix 5000.

l5x-file-extension
l5x-file-description Rockwell Automation RSLogix 5000 import / export data
l5x-file-description An l5x file extension is related to Rockwell Automation RSLogix 5000 data files.

l64-file-extension
l64-file-description 64LAN image
l64-file-description An l64 file extension is related to the 64LAN image file format.

l6t-file-extension
l6t-file-description Line 6 GearBox tone
l6t-file-description An l6t file extension is related to the GearBox from Line 6. An l6t file contains tone.

l9-file-extension
l9-file-description Gargoyle interactive fiction story
l9-file-description An l9 file extension is related to the Gargoyle interactive fiction story format.

la-file-extension
la-file-description La lossless compressed audio data
la-file-description The la file extension was also a lossless compressed audio file format, developed by Michael Bevin.

la0-file-extension
la0-file-description LucasArts game data
la0-file-description Files with la0 file extension can be found as game data files in old games from LucasArts.

la1-file-extension
la1-file-description Liquid audio file
la1-file-description Files with la1 extension are used by Liquid Audio company.

la2-file-extension
la2-file-description LucasArts game data
la2-file-description Files with la2 file extension can be found as game data files in old games from LucasArts.

laa-file-extension
laa-file-description LucasArts AdLib audio file format
laa-file-description Files with laa extension were associated with LucasArts AdLib audio file format.

lab-file-extension
lab-file-description LucasArts game resource data
lab-file-description A lab file extension is related to game resources files used by Outlaws, Star Wars Episode I and other games developed by LucasArts.

laba-file-extension
laba-file-description Labels & Addresses project
laba-file-description A laba file extension is related to the Labels & Addresses and used for its project files.

label-file-extension
label-file-description Label
label-file-description File with label extension can be found as some sort of label made that was perhaps made in some older program.

labels-file-extension
labels-file-description Amira 3D mesh related data
labels-file-description A .labels file extension is related to the Amira and used for its 3D mesh related data files.

labx-file-extension
labx-file-description CASSY Lab data
labx-file-description A labx file extension is related to the CASSY Lab a software developed by LEYBOLD.

laccdb-file-extension
laccdb-file-description Microsoft Access database lock file
laccdb-file-description An laccdb file extension is used for temporary lock files that are created whenever Microsoft Access ACCDB database is opened.

lad-file-extension
lad-file-description Daylon Leveller animation data
lad-file-description Files with lad file suffix are related to the Daylon Leveller animation data format.

lae-file-extension
lae-file-description Local Authentication Export
lae-file-description Files with lae file extension can be found as Local Authentication Export files for IBM Cognos.

laf-file-extension
laf-file-description Lingoes appendix file
laf-file-description Files with laf suffix can be mainly found as appendixes (addons) for Lingoes multi language translation application.

lai-file-extension
lai-file-description GNU Libtool temporary data
lai-file-description A .lai file extension is related to the GNU Libtool library. An lai file contains temporary data.

lak-file-extension
lak-file-description Kashmir data
lak-file-description A lak file extension is related to the Kashmir, a 3D modeling tool. A lak file stores data.

lam-file-extension
lam-file-description Netscape Media Player streaming audio metafile
lam-file-description Files with lam extension are used for Netscape Navigator. They provides your location to clients.

lamp-file-extension
lamp-file-description ArchiCAD for MAC Geometric Description Language source code
lamp-file-description Files with lamp file extension can be found as binary data files in Geometric Description Language for ArchiCAD software.

lan-file-extension
lan-file-description Novell NetWare LAN driver
lan-file-description A lan file extension is related to the Novell NetWare network operating system.

lanalyser-file-extension
lanalyser-file-description Novell Netware LANalyzer trace file
lanalyser-file-description Detailed description

land-file-extension
land-file-description Userland Frontier file
land-file-description Files with land extension are used for the Userland Frontier software. They contain many data used for internal purposes of the application.

landsat-file-extension
landsat-file-description EOSAT's Landsat Thematic Mapper data file
landsat-file-description Files with landsat extension are associated with the Thematic Mapper program.

lang-file-extension
lang-file-description Language localization
lang-file-description A lang file extension is related to the Language localization files used by various applications and video games.

langz-file-extension
langz-file-description DigiChat language data
langz-file-description Files with langz file extension can be found as language data files from DigiChat program.

lansat-file-extension
lansat-file-description EOSAT's Landsat Thematic Mapper data file
lansat-file-description Detailed description

lao-file-extension
lao-file-description EPSON SMART PANEL file
lao-file-description Files with lao extension are used for the EPSON SMART PANEL program. They contain various data for internal purposes.

lap-file-extension
lap-file-description Scheme source code
lap-file-description Files with lap file extension can be most often found as source codes or scripts written in the Scheme programming language based on Lisp.

lar-file-extension
lar-file-description Liquid Audio Player registration file format
lar-file-description A lar file extension is related to the Liquid Audio Player registration file format.

las-file-extension
las-file-description LAS Log ASCII standard file format
las-file-description Files with las extension are related to the LAS Log ASCII standard file format used in oil and gas industry.

lasso-file-extension
lasso-file-description Lasso database driven web page
lasso-file-description A .lasso file extension is associated with the Lasso. A .lasso file stores database driven web page.

last-file-extension
last-file-description Valve Steam data
last-file-description A last file extension is associated with the Valve Steam and used for its data files.

lastbuildstate-file-extension
lastbuildstate-file-description MSBuild exported build file
lastbuildstate-file-description Files with lastbuildstate extension are associated with exported files from MSBuild.

lastlogin-file-extension
lastlogin-file-description Minecraft user settings
lastlogin-file-description A lastlogin file extension is related to the Minecraft computer game. A lastlogin file stores user account settings.

lasx-file-extension
lasx-file-description LAS sidecar auxilliary data
lasx-file-description Files with lasx file extension can be found as some sort of auxiliary side car files for .zlas optimized files, generated by ESRI software.

lat-file-extension
lat-file-description LaTeX data
lat-file-description Files with lat file extension might be found as part of LaTeX document system.

latex-file-extension
latex-file-description Latex text document
latex-file-description File extension used by LaTeX, a document preparation system for high-quality typesetting. A latex file contains text document.

latm-file-extension
latm-file-description Low Overhead Audio Transport Multiplex
latm-file-description Files with latm file extension are related to the Low Overhead Audio Transport Multiplex format.

launch-file-extension
launch-file-description Zend Studio debugger configuration data
launch-file-description A launch file extension is related to the Zend Studio, a development tool for PHP apps. A launch file contains debugger configuration data.

launchd-file-extension
launchd-file-description Unknown file extension
launchd-file-description Files with launchd file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

launcherex_sourcerecord-file-extension
launcherex_sourcerecord-file-description Foston Google Android data
launcherex_sourcerecord-file-description A launcherex_sourcerecord file extension is related to the customized Google Android operating system, developed by Foston.

lav-file-extension
lav-file-description Liquid Audio Player voucher file
lav-file-description Files with lav extension are used for Liquid Audio Player, including voucher data.

lavs-file-extension
lavs-file-description Liquid Audio Secured Download file
lavs-file-description Detailed description

law-file-extension
law-file-description eLaws form
law-file-description A law file extension is related to the eLaws form file format from elawpublishing.

lax-file-extension
lax-file-description AnetHelpTool JavaHelp viewer data file
lax-file-description A lax file extension is associated with the AnetHelpTool JavaHelp viewer data.

lay-file-extension
lay-file-description Pro/ENGINEER layout
lay-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe LAY file extension!

lay6-file-extension
lay6-file-description Sprint-Layout document
lay6-file-description Files with lay6 extension are related to the Sprint-Layout document file format developed by ABACOM.

layerdiagram-file-extension
layerdiagram-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio layer diagram
layerdiagram-file-description An layerdiagram file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio programming environment and used for its diagram files.

layout-file-extension
layout-file-description Apple MainStage layout data
layout-file-description A layout file extension is related to the Apple MainStage. A .layout file contains layout data.

layoutdesigner-file-extension
layoutdesigner-file-description QuickBooks layout designer template
layoutdesigner-file-description A layoutdesigner file extension is related to QuickBooks and used for its layout designer template files.

layx-file-extension
layx-file-description PTV VISSIM vehicle network data
layx-file-description An layx file extension is related to the PTV VISSIM software. An layx file stores vehicle network data.

laz-file-extension
laz-file-description LiquidApps project
laz-file-description The laz file extension is related to the LiquidApps and used for its project files.

la_-file-extension
la_-file-description TI databook
la_-file-description An la_ file extension is related to the TI databook file format.

lb-file-extension
lb-file-description LBwin project
lb-file-description An lb file extension is associated with the LBwin and used for its project files.

lba-file-extension
lba-file-description Liberty BASIC source code
lba-file-description Files with lba file extension is related to the Liberty BASIC source code format.

lbc-file-extension
lbc-file-description Cloaked Affiliate Link Builder saved link
lbc-file-description An lbc file extension is related to the Cloaked Affiliate Link Builder software and used for its saved URL link files.

lbd-file-extension
lbd-file-description Life Balance user data
lbd-file-description An lbd file extension is related to the Life Balance, a personal coaching app. An lbd file stores user data.

lbe-file-extension
lbe-file-description Life Balance xml-based exchange data
lbe-file-description An lbe file extension is related to the Life Balance, a personal coaching program. An lbe file contains xml-based exchange data.

lbf-file-extension
lbf-file-description Bioshock game data
lbf-file-description An lbf file extension is related to the Bioshock and Bioshock 2 computer games for Windows, OS X (macOS). An lbf file stores game data.

lbg-file-extension
lbg-file-description dBASE IV label generator data
lbg-file-description An lbg file extension is related to the dBASE IV label generator data.

lbi-file-extension
lbi-file-description FIFA 2001 data feart legal screen
lbi-file-description An lbi file extension is related to the FIFA 2001 video game for Windows and video gaming consoles. An lbi file stores game data.

lbj-file-extension
lbj-file-description LBJava source code
lbj-file-description An lbj file extension is related to the LBJava (Learning Based Java) a modeling language. An lbj file stores source code.

lbk-file-extension
lbk-file-description VersaPro local logic block backup
lbk-file-description An lbk file extension is related to the VersaPro a programming software for PLC machines. An lbk file stores logic block backup.

lbl-file-extension
lbl-file-description Database label file format
lbl-file-description Files with lbl extension are in most cases database labels for  dBASE IV, Clipper 5, dBFast, FoxBase+ relational databases.

lbm-file-extension
lbm-file-description Interleaved bitmap image
lbm-file-description An lbm file extension was used for Interleaved bitmap image format.

lbmp-file-extension
lbmp-file-description Unknown file extension
lbmp-file-description Files with lbmp file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

lbo-file-extension
lbo-file-description dBASE IV compiled label
lbo-file-description An lbo file extension is related to the dBASE IV database system. An lbo file stores compiled label.

lbp-file-extension
lbp-file-description ProWORX Nxt logic pointer data
lbp-file-description Files with lbp file extension can be found as programming files from ProWORX software by Schneider Electric.

lbr-file-extension
lbr-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 display driver data
lbr-file-description Files with lbr file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3 display driver data.

lbs-file-extension
lbs-file-description Omnis Studio application
lbs-file-description An lbs file extension is related to the Omnis Studio and used for its applications.

lbt-file-extension
lbt-file-description Visual FoxPro additional label description
lbt-file-description Files with lbt file extension can also be found as files with additional label description data for Visual FoxPro.

lbu-file-extension
lbu-file-description Cloaked Affiliate Link Builder settings
lbu-file-description An lbu file extension is related to the Cloaked Affiliate Link Builder and used for its settings files.

lbv-file-extension
lbv-file-description T-Online OB4HBCI layout print file
lbv-file-description Files with lbv extension are used for the T-Online OB4HBCI internet banking software.

lbw-file-extension
lbw-file-description CCP Log Server Utility log file
lbw-file-description Files with lbw extension are used by Log Server Utility. They include some logged information about game servers.

lbx-file-extension
lbx-file-description Visual FoxPro main (DBF) label description data
lbx-file-description Files with lbx extension can be found as files with main label description data for Visual FoxPro.

lbxcol-file-extension
lbxcol-file-description Libronix DLS resource collection data
lbxcol-file-description Files with lbxcol file extension are bible e-books for Logos 3 and earlier. Logos is a bible study software.

lbxdtp-file-extension
lbxdtp-file-description Libronix DLS data type
lbxdtp-file-description An lbxdtp file extension is related to the Libronix Digital Library System.

lbxlls-file-extension
lbxlls-file-description Logos Libronix 3.0 data
lbxlls-file-description Files with lbxlls file extension are resource libraries for Logos Libronix 3.0. software.

lbxoeb-file-extension
lbxoeb-file-description Libronix DLS resource
lbxoeb-file-description Files with lbxoeb file extension are bible e-books for Logos 3 and earlier. Logos is a bible study software.

lbz-file-extension
lbz-file-description Leibniz data
lbz-file-description An lbz file extension is related to the Leibniz a mathematical word processor.

lc-file-extension
lc-file-description Unknown file extension
lc-file-description Files with lc file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

lcb-file-extension
lcb-file-description Concept2 LogCard utility backup image
lcb-file-description An lcb file extension is related to the Concept2 LogCard utility backup image format.

lcc-file-extension
lcc-file-description Light-O-Rama channel configuration
lcc-file-description An lcc file extension is associated with the ShowTime Software Suite. An lcc file stores channel configuration.

lcd-file-extension
lcd-file-description Abbyy Finereader sprint data
lcd-file-description An lcd file extension is associated with Abbyy Finereader sprint files.

lce-file-extension
lce-file-description ZX Spectrum 128 laced screen
lce-file-description An lce file extension is related to the Sinclair ZX Spectrum 128 computer. An lce file contains bitmap image.

lcf-file-extension
lcf-file-description LICEcap screen capture format
lcf-file-description Files with lcf file extension can be most often encountered as animation files captured using the LICEcap screen capture software.

lch-file-extension
lch-file-description IBM Works for OS/2 chart
lch-file-description An lch file extension is related to the IBM Works for OS/2 operating system. An lch file stores chart.

lci-file-extension
lci-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
lci-file-description An lci file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type, a voice dictation program. An lci file stores languages newuser data.

lck-file-extension
lck-file-description Lock file
lck-file-description Files with lck extension can be generally found as so called lock files. These files are generated whenever a program opens and file and this is "locked" via the temporary lock file to prevent another user to access or edit it at the same time.

lcked-file-extension
lcked-file-description Jigsaw (variant) ransomware affected file
lcked-file-description Files with lcked extension can be most recently found as files encrypted and affected by one of the variants of Jigsaw ransomware.

lcl-file-extension
lcl-file-description Localization data
lcl-file-description Files with lcl file extension might be found as localization files. Used to translate software.

lclw-file-extension
lclw-file-description ClarisWorks art library file
lclw-file-description Detailed description

lcm-file-extension
lcm-file-description Lipikar custom font map
lcm-file-description Files with lcm suffix can be found as font matrixes from Lipkar font authoring software.

lcn-file-extension
lcn-file-description Corel WordPerfect dictionary file
lcn-file-description Files with lcn extension are used by the Corel WordPerfect program. They are used as some various data files.

lcp-file-extension
lcp-file-description FARSITE landscape data
lcp-file-description Files with lcp file suffix are related to the FARSITE, a fire growth simulation modeling program. An lcp file contains landscape data.

lcpp-file-extension
lcpp-file-description Adobe Lens Profile Creator project
lcpp-file-description The lcpp file extension is related to various apps developed by Adobe. The lcpp file stores lens profile.

lcr-file-extension
lcr-file-description NEC Electra Elite LCR customer database
lcr-file-description An lcr file extension is related to the NEC Electra Elite LCR customer database file format.

lcs-file-extension
lcs-file-description ACT! history data
lcs-file-description Files with lcs file extension are history files from ACT! personal contact and calendar management program.

lct-file-extension
lct-file-description Electrical Filter Design
lct-file-description Files with lct file extension are electrical filter designs saved in Elsie program. Used for engineers and technicians.

lcw-file-extension
lcw-file-description Lucid 3-D spreadsheet
lcw-file-description Files with lcw file extension can be found as spreadsheets from old Lucid 3-D program.

lcx-file-extension
lcx-file-description LC model
lcx-file-description An lcx file extension is related to the LC a simulation program. An lcx file contains model.

ld-file-extension
ld-file-description Telix long distance codes data
ld-file-description An ld file extension is related to the Telix for MS-DOS system. An ld file stores distance codes.

ld1-file-extension
ld1-file-description dBase overlay
ld1-file-description An ld1 file extension is related to the dBase, a database management system. An ld1 file stores overlay data.

ld2-file-extension
ld2-file-description Lingoes compiled dictionary
ld2-file-description Files with ld2 extension may be found as compiled dictionaries for Lingoes translation software.

ld4-file-extension
ld4-file-description ACCPAC Plus menu data
ld4-file-description An ld4 file extension is related to the ACCPAC Plus financial management system and used for menu settings files.

lda-file-extension
lda-file-description LaserData image format
lda-file-description Files with lda file extension can be found as images from LiDAR LaserData software.

ldap-file-extension
ldap-file-description Lightweight Directory Access Protocol server information file
ldap-file-description Files with ldap extension are used by Lightweight Directory Access Protocol.

ldb-file-extension
ldb-file-description Microsoft Access Record-Locking Information
ldb-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe LDB file extension!

ldc-file-extension
ldc-file-description Steuer2001 data
ldc-file-description Files with ldc file extension can be found as part of old Steuer 2001 accounting program.

ldd-file-extension
ldd-file-description Laser Dispatch data
ldd-file-description An ldd file extension is related to the Laser Dispatch system for scheduling employees. An ldd file stores some kind of data used by Laser Dispatch.

lde-file-extension
lde-file-description Veeam Explorer exported data
lde-file-description Files with lde file suffix are associated with the Veeam Explorer exported data format.

ldf-file-extension
ldf-file-description Microsoft SQL Server log
ldf-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe LDF file extension!

ldi-file-extension
ldi-file-description LDAP Data Interchange Format
ldi-file-description Files with ldi suffix can be usually found as contacts or address books saved in the LDAP Data Interchange Format.

ldk-file-extension
ldk-file-description LD System 824 firmware authorization data
ldk-file-description The ldk file extension is related to the LD System 824 firmware authorization data format.

ldl-file-extension
ldl-file-description Corel Paradox delivered library file
ldl-file-description Files with ldl extension are used for Paradox program. They contain delivered libraries.

ldm-file-extension
ldm-file-description VolumeViz multi-resolution volume image
ldm-file-description Files with ldm file suffix are related to the VolumeViz multi-resolution volume image format.

ldml-file-extension
ldml-file-description Adobe GoLive data
ldml-file-description An ldml file extension is related to the Adobe GoLive, WYSIWYG HTML editor for Windows and Mac.

ldmt-file-extension
ldmt-file-description Likno Drop-Down Menu Trees data
ldmt-file-description An ldmt file extension is associated with the Likno Drop-Down Menu Trees software. An ldmt file stores data.

ldo-file-extension
ldo-file-description NovaLogic game loadout text
ldo-file-description An ldo file extension is related to the NovaLogic Delta Force computer game. An ldo file contains game loadout text.

ldp-file-extension
ldp-file-description Label Designer Plus DELUXE data
ldp-file-description An ldp file extension is related to the Label Designer Plus DELUXE program. An ldp file contains some kind of data.

ldr-file-extension
ldr-file-description Symantec Norton Ghost template
ldr-file-description The ldr file extension is related to the Symantec Norton Ghost software. The ldr file stores template data.

lds-file-extension
lds-file-description Linux compile time header data
lds-file-description An lds file extension is related to the Linux compile time header data format.

ldt-file-extension
ldt-file-description Oracle Database loader data
ldt-file-description An ldt file extension is related to the Oracle Database a database management system. An ldt file stores loader data.

ldw-file-extension
ldw-file-description Virtual Villagers saved game
ldw-file-description An ldw file extension is related to the Virtual Villagers and used for its saved game positions.

ldwf-file-extension
ldwf-file-description Android related data
ldwf-file-description Files with ldwf file extension might be found as part of some Android OS program or patch.

ldx-file-extension
ldx-file-description Liquid Studio compiled executable bytecode
ldx-file-description An ldx file extension is related to the Liquid Studio, a development environment. An ldx file contains compiled executable bytecode.

ldz-file-extension
ldz-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio DSM project file
ldz-file-description Files with ldz extension are used for the Microsoft Visual Studio. They contain DSM project data.

le-file-extension
le-file-description DOS/4GW PM 32X DOS Extender executable image
le-file-description Files with le file extension is related to the DOS/4GW PM 32X DOS Extender executable image format.

leases-file-extension
leases-file-description VMware DHCP configuration information data
leases-file-description Files with leases file extension are related to the VMware software. A *.leases files store DHCP configuration information.

lec-file-extension
lec-file-description LucasArts game resource
lec-file-description A lec file extension is generally related to game archives found in old games produced by LucasArts.

lechiffre-file-extension
lechiffre-file-description LeChiffre ransomware affected data
lechiffre-file-description Files with lechiffre file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed archives affected by the as LeChiffre ransomware.

led-file-extension
led-file-description Sony AIBO LED lights control data
led-file-description Files with led file extension can be commonly found as Sony AIBO LED files. These are midi files that control colors instead sound when used in Sony AIBO robo dog.

leechget-file-extension
leechget-file-description LeechGet incomplete download
leechget-file-description Files with leechget file extension are related to the LeechGet incomplete download.

lef-file-extension
lef-file-description Lenex XML data
lef-file-description An lef file extension is related to the Lenex data exchange format used by specialized apps for swimming.

leg-file-extension
leg-file-description LEGOCAD file
leg-file-description Files with leg extension are used by LEGOCAD program. It is very often used by students who can create models in this program.

legion-file-extension
legion-file-description Legion ransomware affected data
legion-file-description Files with legion file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by variant of the Legion ransomware.

lei-file-extension
lei-file-description Leica SP1 image session
lei-file-description A lei file extension is related to Leica SP1 confocal microscope and used for its image session files.

lemon-file-extension
lemon-file-description LemonShare.net download
lemon-file-description A .lemon file extension is related to the LemonShare.net program. A .lemon file stores download.

lens-file-extension
lens-file-description Autodesk Stitcher camera profile
lens-file-description A lens file extension is related to the Autodesk Stitcher and used for its camera profiles.

leo-file-extension
leo-file-description Larka Edytor Obiektów picture image
leo-file-description An leo file extension is associated with the Larka Edytor Obiektów picture image format.

leotmi-file-extension
leotmi-file-description Privacy Lock protected picture
leotmi-file-description Files with leotmi extension are related to the Privacy Lock application for Google Android.

lep-file-extension
lep-file-description Label and Envelope Designer Plus 2000 data
lep-file-description A lep file extension is related to the Label and Envelope Designer Plus 2000 and used for its data files.

lepf-file-extension
lepf-file-description Adobe Little Endian Prebuilt Format
lepf-file-description An lepf file extension is related to the Little Endian Prebuilt Format.

ler-file-extension
ler-file-description LopeEdit results
ler-file-description A ler file extension is related to the LopeEdit, a source code editor. A ler file stores results.

les-file-extension
les-file-description Logitech entertainment system game profile
les-file-description Files with les file extension are used by the entertainment devices. They include gaming profile control settings.

lesli-file-extension
lesli-file-description CryptoMix ransomware affected file
lesli-file-description Files with lesli suffix can be typically encountered as encrypted and renamed file affected by the CryptoMix ransomware.

less-file-extension
less-file-description LESS style sheet
less-file-description Files with less extension are typically found as stylesheets made in LESS dynamic CSS language. Used to create rich CSS sheets.

let-file-extension
let-file-description Genesis 2000 data
let-file-description A let file extension is related to the Genesis 2000 a loan origination software. A let file stores some kind of financial data.

letter-file-extension
letter-file-description Unknown file extension
letter-file-description Files with letter file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

lev-file-extension
lev-file-description NetHack level data
lev-file-description An lev file extension is related to the NetHack computer game. An lev file contains level data.

lex-file-extension
lex-file-description Lexicon data
lex-file-description Files with lex file extension can be generally found as lexicons, dictionary or vocabulary files used in many programs that offer spell-checking support.

lexe-file-extension
lexe-file-description SciTE data
lexe-file-description Files with the lexe file extension are related to the SCIntilla based Text Editor program.

lext-file-extension
lext-file-description Olympus Lext measurement export
lext-file-description Files with lext file extension are exported measurement data files from Olympus Lext microscopes.

le_-file-extension
le_-file-description Unknown file extension
le_-file-description Files with le_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

lf-file-extension
lf-file-description SoftwareKey license
lf-file-description Files with lf file extension might be found as product license files from SoftwareKey programs, like Protection PLUS.

lfa-file-extension
lfa-file-description Life Forms Studio data
lfa-file-description An lfa file extension is related to the Life Forms Studio and used for its data files.

lfb-file-extension
lfb-file-description Laserfiche briefcase
lfb-file-description An lfb file extension is associated with the Laserfiche briefcase data file format.

lfd-file-extension
lfd-file-description LucasArts game resource file
lfd-file-description Files with lfd suffix have been especially in the past found as game archives from computer games produced by LucasArts, such as Dark Forces.

lfe-file-extension
lfe-file-description LFClient document
lfe-file-description An lfe file extension is related to LaserFitche Client and used for its settings files called LFClient documents.

lff-file-extension
lff-file-description LucasFilm Format image format
lff-file-description Files with lff file extension are images in LucasFilm format. Most likely used in the past in some of the LucasFilm works.

lfl-file-extension
lfl-file-description LucasArts games resource
lfl-file-description Files with lfl file extension can be typically encountered as data files from several computer games developed by LucasArts.

lfm-file-extension
lfm-file-description LifeForm data
lfm-file-description An lfm file extension is related to the LifeForm Studio and used for its data files.

lfnt-file-extension
lfnt-file-description ReadyNas Remote data
lfnt-file-description An lfnt file extension is associated with the ReadyNas Remote software.

lfo-file-extension
lfo-file-description Camel Audio Alchemy preset
lfo-file-description Files with lfo file extension can be found as preset files from the Camel Audio Alchemy synthesizer.

lfp-file-extension
lfp-file-description IPRO View database
lfp-file-description Files with lfp file extension can be mostly found as some sort of database-like files, or command lists for IPRO View software.

lfq-file-extension
lfq-file-description LeechFTP queue data
lfq-file-description An lfq file extension is related to old LeechFTP software for Microsoft Windows.

lfr-file-extension
lfr-file-description Lytro Illum digital photo
lfr-file-description Files with lfr extension can be usually found as digital raw photo images from the Lytro Illum digital camera.

lfs-file-extension
lfs-file-description Samsung test picture image
lfs-file-description An lfs file extension is related to Samsung Galaxy devices with Google Android operating system. An lfs file stores JPEG picture for testing purposes.

lft-file-extension
lft-file-description ChiWriter laser printer font
lft-file-description An lft file extension is related to the ChiWriter, a scientific word processor. An lft file contains font for laser printer.

lfv-file-extension
lfv-file-description Labassert functional view library
lfv-file-description An lfv file extension is related to the Labassert functional view library file format.

lfx-file-extension
lfx-file-description Land F/X project
lfx-file-description Files with lfx suffix may be typically encountered as projects from Land F/X add-on for AutoCAD.

lg-file-extension
lg-file-description Arhangel compressed archive
lg-file-description An lg file extension is related to the Arhangel compressed file format. An lg file stores compressed archive.

lg0-file-extension
lg0-file-description IBM Tivoli Monitoring log
lg0-file-description Files with lg1 file extension can be found as logs generated by IBM Tivoli Monitoring agent.

lg1-file-extension
lg1-file-description IBM Tivoli Monitoring log backup
lg1-file-description Files with lg1 file extension can be found as backup copies of LG0 log files generated by IBM Tivoli Monitoring agent.

lg2-file-extension
lg2-file-description HotMux thermocouple data log
lg2-file-description An .lg2 file extension is related to the HotMux, a thermocouple data logger. An lg2 file contains thermocouple data log.

lga-file-extension
lga-file-description Microsoft Windows application log file
lga-file-description Files with lga extension are associated with Microsoft Windows. This file extension is used for application log files.

lgb-file-extension
lgb-file-description QuickBooks little green box
lgb-file-description Files with lgb extension are mainly related to QuickBooks, an accounting software for Mac and Windows. An lgb file stores little green box data.

lgc-file-extension
lgc-file-description Microsoft Windows application log
lgc-file-description Files with lgc file extension can be found in Windows as application logs used to optimize the speed of installed programs.

lgd-file-extension
lgd-file-description Windows application log
lgd-file-description Files with lgd file extension might be found as old Windows application logs.

lge-file-extension
lge-file-description Log data
lge-file-description An lge file extension is related to log files used by some older software.

lgf-file-extension
lgf-file-description Microsoft Windows application log
lgf-file-description An lgf file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system and used for its applications logs.

lgg-file-extension
lgg-file-description Microsoft Windows application log file
lgg-file-description Files with lgg extension are associated with Microsoft Windows. This file extension is used for applications log files.

lgh-file-extension
lgh-file-description Microsoft Windows application log file
lgh-file-description Files with lgh extension are associated with Microsoft Windows for logs.

lgi-file-extension
lgi-file-description Microsoft Windows application log file
lgi-file-description Files with lgi extension are associated with Microsoft Windows. This file extension is used for application log files.

lgj-file-extension
lgj-file-description Microsoft Windows application log
lgj-file-description Files with lgj file extension can be generally found as application logs from Windows 98/ME and earlier versions.

lgk-file-extension
lgk-file-description Microsoft Windows application log file
lgk-file-description Files with lgk extension are associated with Microsoft Windows. This file extension is used for application log files.

lgl-file-extension
lgl-file-description Microsoft Windows application log
lgl-file-description An lgl file extension is related to the application log files created by Task Monitor included in Windows 98 and Windows ME.

lgm-file-extension
lgm-file-description Microsoft Windows application log
lgm-file-description An lgm file extension is related to the Windows 98 and Windows ME operating systems. An lgm file stores application log.

lgn-file-extension
lgn-file-description Microsoft Windows application log file
lgn-file-description Files with lgn extension are associated with Microsoft Windows. This file extension is used for application log files.

lgo-file-extension
lgo-file-description Microsoft Windows 3.x logo driver
lgo-file-description Files with lgo file extension can be usually encountered as various logos, for example the ones from Microsoft Windows 3.x operating system.

lgp-file-extension
lgp-file-description Microsoft Windows application log
lgp-file-description An lgp file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows operating system. An lgp file contains application log.

lgpl-file-extension
lgpl-file-description GNU Licency data
lgpl-file-description An lgpl file extension is related to the Lesser General Public License document.

lgq-file-extension
lgq-file-description Microsoft Windows application log file
lgq-file-description Files with LGQ extension can be found as application logs from earlier version of Microsoft Windows.

lgr-file-extension
lgr-file-description Elasto Mania character skin
lgr-file-description An lgr file extension is related to Elasto Mania motorbike simulation computer game. An lgr file contains graphics data used for game character skins.

lgs-file-extension
lgs-file-description Microsoft Windows application log
lgs-file-description Files with lgs file extension are used for Microsoft Windows older versions.

lgt-file-extension
lgt-file-description Age of Mythology world lighting effect
lgt-file-description An lgt file extension is used for one of game resource files in Age of Mythology computer game. Probably one of the game files that can be modded.

lgu-file-extension
lgu-file-description LG Windows CE upgrade data
lgu-file-description Files with lgu file extension is related to the upgrade files that are used by Windows CE devices from LG.

lgv-file-extension
lgv-file-description Debugging Tools for Windows Logger log
lgv-file-description A file extension lgv is related to the Debugging Tools for Windows. An lgv file stores log created by the Logger.

lgw-file-extension
lgw-file-description ANSYS Workbench data
lgw-file-description Files with lgw file extension can mostly be found used in ANSYS Workbench. Some sort of data files.

lgx-file-extension
lgx-file-description Logistix spreadsheet
lgx-file-description An lgx file extension is related to the Logistix and used for its spreadsheet files.

lgz-file-extension
lgz-file-description Microsoft Windows application log
lgz-file-description An lgz file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows application log.

lh3d-file-extension
lh3d-file-description Live Home 3D project
lh3d-file-description An lh3d file extension is associated with the Live Home 3D program. An lh3d file contains project.

lha-file-extension
lha-file-description LH ARC compressed archive
lha-file-description An lha file extension is related to the LH ARC compressed archive format.

lharc-file-extension
lharc-file-description LH ARC compressed archive
lharc-file-description Files with lharc file extension can be usually found as file archives saved in LH ARC compressed archive file format.

lhd-file-extension
lhd-file-description Label Home document
lhd-file-description The lhd file extension is associated with the Label Home a labeling app for Windows and used for its document files.

lhex-file-extension
lhex-file-description LiteOS data
lhex-file-description Files with lhex file extension can be found as part of LiteOS system. Compiled file.

lhp-file-extension
lhp-file-description Lighthouse Organizer data
lhp-file-description Files with lhp file extension are related to the Lighthouse Organizer data format.

lhr-file-extension
lhr-file-description Quicken Financial Life for Mac financial data
lhr-file-description An lhr file extension is associated with the Quicken Financial Life and used for its financial data files.

lhs-file-extension
lhs-file-description Literate Haskell programming language source code
lhs-file-description Files with lhs file extension can be generally found as source codes in literate Haskell programming language,

lhw-file-extension
lhw-file-description LHWarp Compressed Amiga archive
lhw-file-description An lhw file extension is related to the LHWarp Compressed Amiga archive format.

lhx-file-extension
lhx-file-description LineTracker firmware upgrade
lhx-file-description An lhx file extension is related to the LineMan Remote software. An lhx file stores firmware upgrade for LineTracker.

lhz-file-extension
lhz-file-description LHA Compressed file archive
lhz-file-description An lhz file extension is related to the LHA compressed file format.

lhzd-file-extension
lhzd-file-description Live Home 3D project
lhzd-file-description An lhzd file extension is associated with the Live Home 3D program. An lhzd file contains project.

li3d-file-extension
li3d-file-description BeLight Live Interior 3D design
li3d-file-description A li3d file extension is associated with the BeLight Live Interior 3D designing suite. The li3d file contains 3D design.

li5-file-extension
li5-file-description LOGINventory data
li5-file-description An li5 file extension is related to the LOGINventory and used for its data files.

lia-file-extension
lia-file-description P-CAD schematics library
lia-file-description A lia file extension is related to the P-CAD schematics library format.

lib4d-file-extension
lib4d-file-description Cinema 4D library
lib4d-file-description A lib4d file extension is related to the Cinema 4D, a 3D modeling tool. A lib4d file stores library.

library-file-extension
library-file-description CATIA library
library-file-description Files with library file extension can be found as part of CATIA CAD software. Library file.

library-ms-file-extension
library-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows 7 library description data
library-ms-file-description Files with library-ms file extension might be found in Windows 7. A .library-ms file stores library description data.

libzip-file-extension
libzip-file-description Camtasia Studio zipped library
libzip-file-description A libzip file extension is related to the Camtasia Studio and used for its zipped libraries.

lic-file-extension
lic-file-description License file
lic-file-description Files with lic extension are used by many commercial, trial, or shareware applications to hold information about buyers' license. Application developers use own data formats for license files. License file can be in text, or binary file format, sometimes is also encrypted.

license-file-extension
license-file-description RealStrat license file
license-file-description A license file extension is related to the RealStrat a software for Windows and Mac.

licensekey-file-extension
licensekey-file-description Coriolis iPartition license information
licensekey-file-description A licensekey file extension is related to the Coriolis iPartition license information files.

licenses-file-extension
licenses-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio licensed classes
licenses-file-description A licenses file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio. A licenses file stores licensed classes.

lickey-file-extension
lickey-file-description AVS4YOU license key
lickey-file-description Files with lickey file extension might be found as license files in various AVS4YOU programs.

lickeys-file-extension
lickeys-file-description Unknown file extension
lickeys-file-description Files with lickeys file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

licrypt-file-extension
licrypt-file-description Encrypted file
licrypt-file-description Files with licrypt extension are associated with an unknown Trojan horse or a malicious worm file.

licx-file-extension
licx-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio license
licx-file-description An licx file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its license data.

lid-file-extension
lid-file-description Quicken 2002 Deluxe data
lid-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe LID file extension!

lif-file-extension
lif-file-description LEGO Digital Designer resource
lif-file-description Files with lif suffix can be nowadays mostly encountered as special resource files for the LEGO Digital Designer.

life-file-extension
life-file-description LIGHT data
life-file-description A life file extension is related to the LIGHT, an on-line solution for manage life experiences.

lig-file-extension
lig-file-description INet-Server file
lig-file-description Files with lig extension are used for INet-Server.

lighthouse-pledge-file-extension
lighthouse-pledge-file-description Lighthouse Pledge data
lighthouse-pledge-file-description A lighthouse-pledge file extension is related to the Lighthouse Pledge software.

lighthouse-project-file-extension
lighthouse-project-file-description Lighthouse project
lighthouse-project-file-description A lighthouse-project file extension is related to the Lighthouse project files.

lightinglibrary-file-extension
lightinglibrary-file-description Corel Painter lighting presets
lightinglibrary-file-description Files with lightinglibrary file extension are commonly used by Corel Painter. A lightinglibrary file contains lightning presets.

lightwave-file-extension
lightwave-file-description Lightwave 3D layered object
lightwave-file-description Files with lightwave file extension are generally related to LightWave 3D program and used for files that contain saved layered object. 3D data format.

lij-file-extension
lij-file-description Apple Photos data
lij-file-description Files with lij extension are data files from the Apple Photos app for macOS (OS X) system.

lijs-file-extension
lijs-file-description Apple Photos data
lijs-file-description An lijs file extension is related to the Apple Photos application.

lik-file-extension
lik-file-description Trojan.Win32.Agent.lik data
lik-file-description A lik file extension is related to the Trojan.Win32.Agent.lik malware. A lik file contains data.

lily-file-extension
lily-file-description PCSX2 LilyPad configuration data
lily-file-description An lily file extension is related to the PCSX2, an emulator of Playstation 2. An lily file stores LilyPad configuration data.

lim-file-extension
lim-file-description Limit compressed data
lim-file-description An lim file extension is related to the Limit compression tool. An lim file stores compressed data.

lime-file-extension
lime-file-description Lattice QCD Interchange Message Encapsulation format
lime-file-description Files with lime extension can be occasionally encountered as special files saved in the Lattice QCD Interchange Message Encapsulation file format. It is a simple packaging scheme for combining records containing ASCII and/or binary data.

lin-file-extension
lin-file-description AutoCAD linetype definition
lin-file-description Files with lin file extension can mostly be found as linetypes (linestyle definitions) for AutoCAD.

link-file-extension
link-file-description CodeWarrior data
link-file-description A link file extension is associated with the CodeWarrior, a development software. A link file stores data.

linq-file-extension
linq-file-description LINQPad data
linq-file-description The linq file extension is related to the LINQPad and used for its data files.

linux-file-extension
linux-file-description Linux data
linux-file-description Files with linux extension are related to the Linux operating system. A linux file probably contains readme text.

linx-file-extension
linx-file-description Bridge base data
linx-file-description A linx file extension is related to the Bridge a software used by Bridge card game players.

liongthelostamuletssavedgame-file-extension
liongthelostamuletssavedgame-file-description Liong The Lost Amulets saved game
liongthelostamuletssavedgame-file-description The liongthelostamuletssavedgame file extension is related to the Liong The Lost Amulets saved game files.

lip-file-extension
lip-file-description SLIP file format
lip-file-description A lip file extension is related to the SLIP software developed by Grolimund & Partner.

lipg-file-extension
lipg-file-description LiPG parser data
lipg-file-description An lipg file extension is associated with Lithium Parser Generator and used for its parser data.

liq-file-extension
liq-file-description CollegeBAR Liquor Cabinet
liq-file-description A liq file extension is related to the CollegeBAR Liquor Cabinet file format.

liquid-file-extension
liquid-file-description Shopify Liquid template
liquid-file-description Files with liquid extension can be found as scripts in Shopfily Liquid language.

lir-file-extension
lir-file-description ADI Ocelot settings
lir-file-description A lir file extension is related to automation devices developed by Applied Digital.

lis-file-extension
lis-file-description Structured Query Reporting output data
lis-file-description Files with lis file extension are generally output files generated with the Structured Query Reporting (SQR) system.

lisp-file-extension
lisp-file-description LISP translators file
lisp-file-description Files with lisp file extension are mainly related to LISP programming language and used for translator files.

list-file-extension
list-file-description Microsoft Entourage recipient list
list-file-description A list file extension is related to the Microsoft Entourage an e-mail client for Mac OS X operating system. A list file stores recipient list.

litcoffee-file-extension
litcoffee-file-description Literate CoffeeScript source code
litcoffee-file-description A litcoffee file extension is associated with the Literate CoffeeScript source code files.

litemod-file-extension
litemod-file-description Minecraft mod archive file
litemod-file-description Files with litemod extension can be found as mods for Minecraft computer game. Used to customize the client side of the game.

lith-file-extension
lith-file-description DROPS simulator lithology data
lith-file-description A lith file extension is associated with the DROPS. A lith file stores simulator lithology data.

little-file-extension
little-file-description Mozilla Firefox start-up cache
little-file-description Files with little file extension are mostly known to be special start-up cache files from Mozilla Firefox web browser.

liv-file-extension
liv-file-description Living Actor actor data
liv-file-description A liv file extension is related to the Living Actor and used for its actor files.

livereg-file-extension
livereg-file-description Symantec Livereg antivirus session file
livereg-file-description Detailed description

livesubscribe-file-extension
livesubscribe-file-description Symantec Antivirus update catalog
livesubscribe-file-description A livesubscribe file extension is related to the Symantec Antivirus (Norton Antivirus). A livesubscribe file stores update catalog.

liveupdate-file-extension
liveupdate-file-description Symantec Liveupdate data
liveupdate-file-description A liveupdate file extension is related to the Symantec Liveupdate service. A liveupdate file stores data.

lix-file-extension
lix-file-description ExtendSim library
lix-file-description A lix file extension is related to the ExtendSim and used for its library files.

liz-file-extension
liz-file-description Compressed list data
liz-file-description Files with liz file extension might be found as old compressed list files. Probably old and no longer used.

lizd-file-extension
lizd-file-description BeLight Live Interior 3D compressed design
lizd-file-description A lizd file extension is related to the BeLight Live Interior 3D compressed design file format.

ljb-file-extension
ljb-file-description Lightjockey database
ljb-file-description Files with ljb file extension can be found as databases from Lightjockey controller.

ljp-file-extension
ljp-file-description Lossless JPEG bitmap image
ljp-file-description An ljp file extension is related to the Lossless JPEG bitmap image format.

ljpg-file-extension
ljpg-file-description Lossless JPEG image
ljpg-file-description Files with ljpg file extension might be occasionally found as pictures in a lossless version of JPEG format.

lk%23-file-extension
lk%23-file-description Autodesk multi-user coordination lock data
lk%23-file-description An lk# file extension is related to the Autodesk multi-user coordination lock data format.

lkf-file-extension
lkf-file-description INTUS Terminal keyboard settings
lkf-file-description An lkf file extension is related to the INTUS Terminal keyboard settings file format.

lkg-file-extension
lkg-file-description HP-UX configuration data
lkg-file-description An lkg file extension is related to the HP-UX (Hewlett-Packard UniX) operating system. An lkg file contains configuration data.

lkh-file-extension
lkh-file-description Worm.Generic.LKH virus data
lkh-file-description An lkh file extension is related to the Worm.Generic.LKH virus and used for its data files.

lko-file-extension
lko-file-description Microsoft Outlook Express file
lko-file-description Files with lko extension are used by Microsoft Outlook Express program. They are used as some various data for internal purposes.

lkp-file-extension
lkp-file-description Microsoft Systems Management Server (SMS) data
lkp-file-description An lkp file extension is related to the Microsoft Systems Management Server (SMS).

lkr-file-extension
lkr-file-description MPLAB linker data
lkr-file-description Files with lkr file extension can be found as linker files from MPLAB IDE.

lks-file-extension
lks-file-description Offline Liberkey packages
lks-file-description Files with lks file extension might be found as Offline Liberkey packages used for offline setup.

lku-file-extension
lku-file-description ST Microelectronics linked unit data
lku-file-description An lku file extension is related to the ST Microelectronics executable format.

ll-file-extension
ll-file-description List & Label preview
ll-file-description Files with ll extension can be found as preview files from List & Label programs.

ll3-file-extension
ll3-file-description Laplink III document
ll3-file-description An ll3 file extension is associated with the Laplink III software. An ll3 file contains document.

llb-file-extension
llb-file-description LabVIEW application program library file
llb-file-description Files with llb extension are used by LabVIEW software. They include some program data libraries for the application.

llc-file-extension
llc-file-description LapLink saved connection file
llc-file-description Files with llc extension are used by the LapLink program. They store some saved connection data.

lld-file-extension
lld-file-description Loan Level Disclosure data
lld-file-description An lld file extension is related to the Loan Level Disclosure data format.

lle-file-extension
lle-file-description LAT Low-Energy event data
lle-file-description Files with lle file extension might be found as LAT Low-Energy events from FERMILLE - Fermi LAT Low-Energy Events Catalog.

llf-file-extension
llf-file-description IITM local language data
llf-file-description An llf file extension is related to the IITM software and used for its local language files.

llg-file-extension
llg-file-description LADSIM ladder logic diagram
llg-file-description Files with llg file extension are commonly used by LADSIM application. An llg file contains ladder logic diagram.

lli-file-extension
lli-file-description AutoCAD landscape library
lli-file-description An lli file extension is related to the AutoCAD software and used for its landscape library.

lll-file-extension
lll-file-description 1000 Miglia game data
lll-file-description A lll file extension is related to the 1000 Miglia game data.

llm-file-extension
llm-file-description Second Life mesh
llm-file-description An llm file extension is related to the Second Life and used for its mesh files.

llog-file-extension
llog-file-description Legit Log C++ Library data
llog-file-description Files with llog file extension are related to the Legit Log C++ Library data format.

llp-file-extension
llp-file-description Lotto Logic 2002 lottery configuration file
llp-file-description Files with llp extension are used by Lotto Logic Lottery software. It is a configuration data file format.

lls-file-extension
lls-file-description Windows system file
lls-file-description Files with lls extension are one of the system files in older version of Microsoft Windows OS.

llsd-file-extension
llsd-file-description Second Life game data
llsd-file-description An llsd file extension is related to the Second Life developed by Linden Lab. An llsd file contains game data.

llt-file-extension
llt-file-description Liquidity Lighthouse transaction data
llt-file-description An llt file extension is related to the Liquidity Lighthouse transaction data format.

llv-file-extension
llv-file-description Lizard Safeguard license
llv-file-description A llv file extension is related to the Lizard Safeguard license files.

llx-file-extension
llx-file-description LabVIEW library backup
llx-file-description An llx file extension is related to the LabView and used for its library backup files.

lm-file-extension
lm-file-description Microsoft Windows system data
lm-file-description Files with lm extension are mainly related to the Microsoft Windows and used for data related to Windows lexicons.

lm3-file-extension
lm3-file-description Bosphorus Database data
lm3-file-description An lm3 file extension is related to the data files from Bosphorus Database.

lm4-file-extension
lm4-file-description Steinberg VST sample
lm4-file-description Files with lm4 file extension might be found as some sort of audio file used by Steinberg VST platform.

lm8-file-extension
lm8-file-description Graphics image
lm8-file-description Files with lm8 file extension might be found as old bitmap pictures.

lma-file-extension
lma-file-description P's Logik-Manager protect file
lma-file-description Files with lma extension are used for P's Logik-Manager. They contain encoded and encrypted data.

lman-file-extension
lman-file-description NT Services for Mac data
lman-file-description Files with lman file extension are related to the NT Services for Mac data format.

lmbs-file-extension
lmbs-file-description Adobe Photoshop for Mac filter file
lmbs-file-description Detailed description

lmc-file-extension
lmc-file-description Library Manager central library data
lmc-file-description An lmc file extension is related to the Library Manager and used for its central library files.

lmd-file-extension
lmd-file-description Abbyy Finereader sprint data
lmd-file-description An lmd file extension is related to the Abbyy Finereader and used for its sprint files.

lme-file-extension
lme-file-description LegglessMusicEditor sound
lme-file-description An lme file extension is related to the LegglessMusicEditor sound format.

lmf-file-extension
lmf-file-description Library mapping and altera data interchange file
lmf-file-description Files with lmf suffix can be mainly found as PCB data in interchange format exported in the OrcCAD PCB Designer.

lmf-ms-file-extension
lmf-ms-file-description Microsoft Office Live Meeting data
lmf-ms-file-description An lmf-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Office Live Meeting.

lmg-file-extension
lmg-file-description CryENGINE locomotion group animation file
lmg-file-description Fiels with lmg extension are used by many computer games e.g. Crysis, Far Cry etc. It is an animation game file format.

lmh-file-extension
lmh-file-description Memory Hacking Software memory data
lmh-file-description An lmh file extension is related to the Memory Hacking Software memory data format.

lmi-file-extension
lmi-file-description Homeportal firmware recovery data
lmi-file-description Files with lmi file extension could be in the past found as firmware recovery files from Homeportal by 2wire.

lmk-file-extension
lmk-file-description Sothink Logo Maker logo
lmk-file-description Files with lmk extension can be usually found as logos made using Sothink Logo Maker software.

lml-file-extension
lml-file-description LOGML data
lml-file-description An lml file extension is associated with the LOGML and used for its data format.

lmlpack-file-extension
lmlpack-file-description Kashmir 3D link file
lmlpack-file-description Detailed description

lmp-file-extension
lmp-file-description ArchiCAD Geometric Description Language source code
lmp-file-description An lmp file extension is related to the Geometric Description Language a parametric object definition language from Graphisoft.

lmp4-file-extension
lmp4-file-description GOM Media Player data
lmp4-file-description An lmp4 file extension is related to the GOM Media Player for Windows developed by GRETECH CORP.

lmr-file-extension
lmr-file-description QuickBooks Loan Manager data
lmr-file-description An lmr file extension is related to the QuickBooks accounting software for Windows and Mac. An lmr file contains some kind of accounting data.

lms-file-extension
lms-file-description Light-O-Rama musical sequence
lms-file-description An lms file extension is related to the Light-O-Rama ShowTime Software. An lms file stores musical sequence data.

lmsff-file-extension
lmsff-file-description Liquid Player file
lmsff-file-description Files with lmsff file extension are related to the Liquid Player software.

lmt-file-extension
lmt-file-description RPG Maker 2000/2003 map tree
lmt-file-description An lmt file extension is related to the RPG Maker 2000/2003 map tree format.

lmu-file-extension
lmu-file-description RPG Maker map
lmu-file-description An lmu file extension is related to the RPG Maker development tool. An lmu file stores map.

lmv-file-extension
lmv-file-description Adobe Flash source code
lmv-file-description An lmv file extension is related to the Adobe Flash and used for its source code files.

lmx-file-extension
lmx-file-description Nokia landmark exchange data
lmx-file-description An lmx file extension is related to the Nokia landmark exchange file format used by some types of Nokia phones with GPS navigation.

ln-file-extension
ln-file-description UNIX lint data
ln-file-description Files with ln file extension can be founds on IBM AIX platform. Lint file.

ln03-file-extension
ln03-file-description DEC LN03+ Sixel graphics file
ln03-file-description Files with LN03 extension are graphic images in DEC LN03+ Sixel format.

lna-file-extension
lna-file-description Xilinx ISE data
lna-file-description An lna file extension is related to the Xilinx ISE Design Suite.

lnc-file-extension
lnc-file-description Football Manager player data
lnc-file-description Files with lnc extension might be found one of the mod files for Football Manager computer game.

lnd-file-extension
lnd-file-description 3D Landscape data
lnd-file-description Files with ind extension are used for 3D Landscape for Everyone. This file contains objects and supports textures to be applied to 3d objects.

lnf-file-extension
lnf-file-description oyoaha lookandfeel interface elements data
lnf-file-description Files with lnf file extension might be found as interface elements files from oyoaha lookandfeel project.

lngp-file-extension
lngp-file-description This War of Mine language localization pack
lngp-file-description Files with lngp file extension are commonly used by This War of Mine video game for various platforms.

lngx-file-extension
lngx-file-description KeePaas language data
lngx-file-description Files with lngx file extension can be found as language location files for KeePaas password manager.

lnk2-file-extension
lnk2-file-description Program Neighborhood explorer shortcut
lnk2-file-description Files with lnk2 file extension are used by Citrix Program Neighborhood software. This project is discontinued product.

lnkfacebook-file-extension
lnkfacebook-file-description Unknown file extension
lnkfacebook-file-description Files with lnkfacebook file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

lnk_aq-file-extension
lnk_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
lnk_aq-file-description Files with lnk_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

lnm-file-extension
lnm-file-description Corel WordPerfect SGML alias data
lnm-file-description An lnm file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its SGML alias data.

lnp-file-extension
lnp-file-description µVision linker input data
lnp-file-description Files with lnp file extension are related to the µVision linker input data format.

lnr-file-extension
lnr-file-description Lunar Invasion saved game
lnr-file-description An lnr file extension is related to the Lunar Invasion and used for its saved game files.

lns-file-extension
lns-file-description AVG Anti-Virus language data
lns-file-description An lns file extension is related to the AVG anti-virus software. An lns file stores language translation.

lnst-file-extension
lnst-file-description Adobe InDesign for Mac data
lnst-file-description An lnst file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign a DTP software. An lnst file stores some kind of data used by InDesign for Mac.

lnt-file-extension
lnt-file-description FlexeLint configuration data
lnt-file-description An lnt file extension is related to the configuration data used by FlexeLint software.

lnx-file-extension
lnx-file-description Linux specific makefile
lnx-file-description An lnx file extension is related to the Linux family of operating systems. An .lnx file stores specific makefile.

lnz-file-extension
lnz-file-description Petz linez data
lnz-file-description Files with lnz file extension might be found as one of the core files for Petz (Dogz and Catz) games from Ubisoft.

lo-file-extension
lo-file-description Interleaf compiled Lisp data
lo-file-description A lo file extension is related to the Interleaf compiled Lisp data format.

loaded-file-extension
loaded-file-description µTorrent data
loaded-file-description A loaded file extension is related to the µTorrent client for Apple Mac (OS X) and Microsoft Windows. A .loaded file contains data.

loaded_0-file-extension
loaded_0-file-description JavaScript cache
loaded_0-file-description Files with loaded_0 extension are mostly related to certain web browsers. A loaded_0 file contains JavaScript code downloaded by web browser.

loaded_1-file-extension
loaded_1-file-description JavaScript cache file
loaded_1-file-description A .loaded_1 file extension is related to various web browsers. A .loaded_1 file contains JavaScript code downloaded by web browser.

loaded_2-file-extension
loaded_2-file-description JavaScript cache
loaded_2-file-description A loaded_2 file extension is related to various web browsers. A .loaded_2 file contains JavaScript code downloaded by web browser.

loaded_3-file-extension
loaded_3-file-description JavaScript cache
loaded_3-file-description Files with loaded_3 extension can be found as JavaScript codes downloaded by some web browsers.

loaderbackup-file-extension
loaderbackup-file-description BlackBerry backup
loaderbackup-file-description A loaderbackup file extension is related to the backup format used by BlackBerry phones.

loadtest-file-extension
loadtest-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio load test data
loadtest-file-description Files with loadtest file extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio for sort of .loadtest files. Used for testing purposes.

lob-file-extension
lob-file-description IBM DB2 LOBFILE
lob-file-description Files with lob extension can mainly be found as lob files from IBM DB2 platform.

loc-file-extension
loc-file-description Localisation string resource header
loc-file-description A loc file extension is associated with the Localization string resource file format.

local-file-extension
local-file-description Delphi user-specific project options
local-file-description The .local file extensions are kindred with Delphi. The .local file includes overrides to settings from a .bdsproj file.

locale-file-extension
locale-file-description Unknown file extension
locale-file-description Files with locale file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

localized-file-extension
localized-file-description macOS (OS X) system localization
localized-file-description Files with localized file extension can be typically found on Mac computers. They are used for localization purposes and contains texts used in OS X (macOS) user interface.

localstorage-file-extension
localstorage-file-description Google Chrome settings
localstorage-file-description Files with localstorage extension can be found as settings from Google Chrome web browser.

localstorage-journal-file-extension
localstorage-journal-file-description Google Chrome rollback journal data
localstorage-journal-file-description A localstorage-journal file extension is related to the Google Chrome web browser. A localstorage-journal file contains rollback journal database.

location-file-extension
location-file-description Microsoft Windows 10 registry data
location-file-description A location file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 10 operating system. A .location file stores some registry keys.

lock-file-extension
lock-file-description Lock data
lock-file-description Files with lock file extension can be often found as various database "lock" files that prevent two users to access and change same database at the same time.

lock3-file-extension
lock3-file-description BlackBerry encrypted 3GP data
lock3-file-description A lock3 file extension is related to the smart phones. A lock3 file contains encrypted multimedia in 3GP file format.

lock93-file-extension
lock93-file-description Lock93 ransomware affected file
lock93-file-description Files with lock93 suffix can be usually encountered as encrypted files affected by the lock93 ransomware. Targets mainly users from Russia.

locked-file-extension
locked-file-description Various ransomware affected data
locked-file-description Files with locked file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by various ransomware that use this suffix, can be any of the dozen or so different ransomware. The first ones using this extension seems to be KimcilWare or lately Apocalypse ransomware.

lockfile-file-extension
lockfile-file-description Mac OS X Lion property list XML lock data
lockfile-file-description A lockfile extension is related to the Mac OS X Lion (macOS) and used for its property list XML lock data.

locklock-file-extension
locklock-file-description LockLock ransomware affected data
locklock-file-description Files with locklock file extension can be encountered as renamed files affected by the LockLock ransomware.

lock_sync-file-extension
lock_sync-file-description macOS (OS X) synchronization lock
lock_sync-file-description A lock_sync file extension is related to the Apple macOS system. A lock_sync file contains data synchronization lock.

locr-file-extension
locr-file-description Location Manager settings
locr-file-description A locr file extension is associated with the Location Manager and used for its settings files.

locres-file-extension
locres-file-description Unreal Tournament localization data
locres-file-description A locres file extension is associated with the Unreal Tournament localization data format.

locs-file-extension
locs-file-description Illumina BeadArray location data
locs-file-description Files with locs file extension are used by Illumina BeadArray location data format.

lod-file-extension
lod-file-description Homeworld level of detail data
lod-file-description A lod file extension is related to the Homeworld level of detail data format.

lof-file-extension
lof-file-description LaTex auxiliary data
lof-file-description A lof file extension is related to the LaTeX, a document preparation system. A lof file contains auxiliary data.

log1-file-extension
log1-file-description Microsoft Windows registry hive log
log1-file-description A log1 file extension is related to one of the registry formats used in Microsoft Windows operating system.

log2-file-extension
log2-file-description Microsoft Windows registry hive log 2
log2-file-description A log2 file extension is mainly related to registry files in Windows operating system.

log4net-file-extension
log4net-file-description Apache log4net data
log4net-file-description Files with log4net file extension are related to the Apache log4net library.

log5-file-extension
log5-file-description Automise log
log5-file-description A log5 file extension is associated with the Automise software. A log5 file stores log.

logbook3-file-extension
logbook3-file-description SportTracks log
logbook3-file-description A logbook3 file extension is associated with the SportTracks, a sport tracking app. A logbook3 file contains log.

logg-file-extension
logg-file-description XWE data
logg-file-description A logg file extension is related to files used by the XWE software.

logicx-file-extension
logicx-file-description Apple Logic Pro X project
logicx-file-description A logicx file extension is related to the Apple Logic Pro X audio editing tool. The logicx file stores audio project.

logikcs-file-extension
logikcs-file-description Apple Logic Pro key commands data
logikcs-file-description A logikcs file extension is related to the Logic Pro, a music composing program. A logicks file stores key commands data.

login-file-extension
login-file-description UNIX command data
login-file-description Files with login file extension can be commonly found on Unix platform and contain commands executed at the launch of the system.

logoist-file-extension
logoist-file-description Logoist project
logoist-file-description A logoist file extension is related to the Logoist a vector drawing tool and used for its project files.

logonvista-file-extension
logonvista-file-description Stardock LogonStudio logon screen
logonvista-file-description A logonvista file extension is related to the Stardock LogonStudio software. A logonvista file stores logon screen.

logonxp-file-extension
logonxp-file-description LogonStudio document
logonxp-file-description A logonxp file extension is related to the Logon Studio for Microsoft Windows. A logonxp file stores document.

logs-file-extension
logs-file-description Unknown file extension
logs-file-description Files with logs file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

loja-file-extension
loja-file-description Unknown file extension
loja-file-description Files with loja file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

lok-file-extension
lok-file-description OmniPage 9 data
lok-file-description Files with lok file suffix are related to the OmniPage, a software for converting paper documents to electronic forms.

lol-file-extension
lol-file-description Lolcode source data
lol-file-description A lol file extension is associated with the Lolcode an esoteric programming language. A lol file stores source code.

lol%21-file-extension
lol%21-file-description GPCode ransomware affected data
lol%21-file-description Files with lol! file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed archives affected by the as GPCode ransomware.

loli-file-extension
loli-file-description LOLI RanSomeWare ransomware affected file
loli-file-description Files with loli extension can be found as files encrypted and affected by a ransomware labeled as LOLI RanSomeWare.

lols-file-extension
lols-file-description LOLCODE source code
lols-file-description Files with lols file extension can be commonly found as source codes in the Lolcode programming language.

lom-file-extension
lom-file-description Lock On: Modern Air Combat 3D model
lom-file-description A lom file extension is related to Lock On flight simulation computer game. A lom file contains 3D model.

lon-file-extension
lon-file-description Aquaterra profile data
lon-file-description Files with lon extension are in most cases profile data files from Aquaterra canal and river engineering design software.

look-file-extension
look-file-description Adobe SpeedGrade data
look-file-description A look file extension is related to the Adobe SpeedGrade, a color correction software for Windows and Mac.

looklibrary-file-extension
looklibrary-file-description Corel Painter looks library
looklibrary-file-description A looklibrary file extension is associated with the Corel Painter looks library files.

loop-file-extension
loop-file-description Apple Soundtrack Pro data
loop-file-description A loop file extension is related to the Soundtrack Pro, a audio editing program. A .loop file stores some kind of data.

loov-file-extension
loov-file-description Smadav virus definitions file
loov-file-description Files with loov extension are used for Indonesian antivirus software Smadav.

lop-file-extension
lop-file-description MasterCook layout
lop-file-description Files with lop file extension are related to the MasterCook software. A lop file contains layout.

lor-file-extension
lor-file-description O&O Defrag agent data
lor-file-description A lor file extension is related to the O&O Defrag software for Microsoft Windows.

los-file-extension
los-file-description Close Combat 2 map related game data
los-file-description A file extension los is related to the Close Combat 2, a RTS computer game for Windows and Mac. A los file contains map related game data.

lot-file-extension
lot-file-description LaTex auxiliary file for list of tables
lot-file-description Files with lot file extension are mainly related to LaTex and used for one of its auxiliary files.

lov-file-extension
lov-file-description SAP Business Objects data
lov-file-description A lov file extension is related to the SAP Business Objects. A lov file contains data from SAP software.

love-file-extension
love-file-description LÖVE game package file
love-file-description Files with love extension are used by the LÖVE system. It is a ZIP archive file containing game data.

lovewindows-file-extension
lovewindows-file-description Globe (variant) ransomware affected file
lovewindows-file-description Files with lovewindows suffix can be typically found as encrypted and renamed files affected by the Globe ransomware.

low-file-extension
low-file-description PDP-10 low segment of a two-segment program
low-file-description A low file extension is related to the low segment of a two-segment program and used by PDP-10 computer.

lox-file-extension
lox-file-description Therion 3D model
lox-file-description Files with lox file extension are related to the Therion 3D model format.

loxi-file-extension
loxi-file-description LiquidCD Loxi disk image
loxi-file-description A loxi file extension is related to the LiquidCD Open Xml Image format.

loxone-file-extension
loxone-file-description Loxone Config project
loxone-file-description A .loxone file extension is related to the Loxone Config, a smart home programming app. A loxone file contains project with smart home configuration.

lo_-file-extension
lo_-file-description Microsoft System Management Server renamed old log
lo_-file-description A lo_ file extension is related to the Microsoft System Management Server renamed old log format.

lp-file-extension
lp-file-description Lightscape 3D object
lp-file-description An lp file extension is related to the Lightscape 3D object files used by 3ds max (3D Studio Max) software.

lp2-file-extension
lp2-file-description iLEAP document
lp2-file-description Files with lp2 file extension can be found as documents created and saved using the iLEAP word processor.

lp3-file-extension
lp3-file-description Logo Painter 3/3+ picture image
lp3-file-description An lp3 file extension is associated with the Logo Painter 3/3+ picture image file format.

lp4-file-extension
lp4-file-description 36-Image Converter encrypted language pack
lp4-file-description An lp4 file extension is related to the 36-Image Converter encrypted language pack.

lp7-file-extension
lp7-file-description LP7Signer digital signed data
lp7-file-description An lp7 file extension is related to the LP7Signer software. An lp7 file stores digital signed data.

lpa-file-extension
lpa-file-description LPA View Laser Particle Analyser data
lpa-file-description An lpa file extension is related to the LPA View Laser Particle Analyser. An lpa file contains data.

lpaq-file-extension
lpaq-file-description lpaq compressed data
lpaq-file-description An lpaq file extension is related to the "Lite" PAQ compression tool. An lpaq file stores compressed data.

lpaq1-file-extension
lpaq1-file-description LPAQ1 compressed archive
lpaq1-file-description An lpaq file extension is related to the LPAQ1 compressed archive format.

lpaq5-file-extension
lpaq5-file-description LPAQ5 compressed archive
lpaq5-file-description The lpaq5 file extension is related to the LPAQ5 compressed archive format.

lpaq8-file-extension
lpaq8-file-description PAQ data archive
lpaq8-file-description An lpaq8 file extension is related PAQ data archive file format.

lpb-file-extension
lpb-file-description LaserTank game replay
lpb-file-description An lpb file extension is associated with the LaserTank puzzle video game. An lpb file contains game replay.

lpc-file-extension
lpc-file-description IBM OS/390 document management system data
lpc-file-description An lpc file extension is related to the IBM OS/390 document management system files.

lpcm-file-extension
lpcm-file-description Movie Maker audio
lpcm-file-description Files with lpcm file extension are used by Microsoft Movie Maker for Windows.

lpd-file-extension
lpd-file-description Helix Nuts & Bolts data
lpd-file-description An lpd file extension is related to the Helix Nuts & Bolts and used for its data files.

lpdb-file-extension
lpdb-file-description Librarian Pro database
lpdb-file-description Files with lpdb file extension are related to the Librarian Pro for PC and Mac. An lpdb file stores database.

lpdf-file-extension
lpdf-file-description Mac OS X localized PDF (Portable Document Format) file
lpdf-file-description Files with lpdf extension are used by the Apple Mac OS X operating system.

lpf-file-extension
lpf-file-description LogicPort flaw data
lpf-file-description An lpf file extension is related to the LogicPort, a logic analyzer device.

lph-file-extension
lph-file-description PC-lint precompiled header
lph-file-description An lph file suffix is associated with the PC-lint precompiled header format.

lpi-file-extension
lpi-file-description Laser Printer Information
lpi-file-description An lpi file extension is associated with the Laser Printer Information data.

lpj-file-extension
lpj-file-description LIMDEP project
lpj-file-description An lpj file extension is related to the LIMDEP program and used for its project files.

lpk-file-extension
lpk-file-description License Package
lpk-file-description Files with lpk file extension can be mostly found as license packages authored using the License Package Authoring Tool.

lpmd-file-extension
lpmd-file-description Las Palmeras Molecular Dynamics (LPMD) data
lpmd-file-description An lpmd file extension is related to the Las Palmeras Molecular Dynamics (LPMD) data file format.

lpn-file-extension
lpn-file-description LVPLAN data
lpn-file-description Files with lpn file extension might be found as part of LVPLAN: Low Voltage Electrification of a Village software design program.

lpo-file-extension
lpo-file-description AEROoffice trajectory data
lpo-file-description Files with lpo extension can be found as trajectory files from AEROoffice. Unique file type.

lpp-file-extension
lpp-file-description Let's Photo slideshow
lpp-file-description An lpp file extension is related to the Let's Photo and used for its slideshow files.

lpr-file-extension
lpr-file-description Homeworld game data
lpr-file-description Files with lpr file extension may be game data files from Homeworld real-time computer strategy game from Relic Entertainment.

lproj-file-extension
lproj-file-description Mac localized project folder
lproj-file-description An lproj file extension is related to the Mac OS X (macOS) operating system. An lproj container stores localization files for Mac OS X apps.

lps-file-extension
lps-file-description Xerox data
lps-file-description An lps file extension is related to the Xerox laser printers. An lps file stores some kind of data.

lpsx-file-extension
lpsx-file-description LARSA 4D section database
lpsx-file-description An lpsx file extension is related to the LARSA 4D, a bridge modeling app and used for its section database.

lpt-file-extension
lpt-file-description LogPlot compiled boring log
lpt-file-description An lpt file extension is related to the LogPlot and used for its compiled boring log files.

lpu-file-extension
lpu-file-description Passolo localization project
lpu-file-description Files with lpu file extension can be found as localization projects from Passolo software.

lpv-file-extension
lpv-file-description Laser Shows live preview data
lpv-file-description An lpv file extension is related to the Mark 2 / Lasergraph DSP show controller and used for its preview files.

lpw-file-extension
lpw-file-description IRIS Laserform Lforms data
lpw-file-description An lpw file extension is commonly used by IRIS Laserform Lforms data format.

lpx-file-extension
lpx-file-description LaTeXPiX script
lpx-file-description An lpx file extension is related to the LaTeXPiX, a drawing tool for Windows. An lpx file stores script.

lpz-file-extension
lpz-file-description SIMPL Windows program
lpz-file-description An lpz file extension is related to the SIMPL Windows and used for its program files.

lqa-file-extension
lqa-file-description Logger Pro automatic update
lqa-file-description An lqa file extension is related to the Logger Pro and used for its automatic updates.

lqf-file-extension
lqf-file-description LeechFTP saved queue
lqf-file-description Files with lqf file extension might be found as saved FTP download queues for the LeechFTP program.

lqp-file-extension
lqp-file-description Liquid Audio Player passport data
lqp-file-description An lqp file extension is associated with the Liquid Audio Player passport data format.

lqr-file-extension
lqr-file-description LBR library
lqr-file-description An lqr file extension is related to the LBR library file format.

lqt-file-extension
lqt-file-description Liquid Audio Liquid Digital Media music file format
lqt-file-description An lqt file extension is related to the Liquid Digital Media music file format, developed by Liquid Audio, now owned by Microsoft.

lqu-file-extension
lqu-file-description LeapFTP queue data
lqu-file-description An lqu file extension is related to the LeadFTP and used for its queue files.

lr-file-extension
lr-file-description Chaos desktop layer list
lr-file-description An lr file extension is related to the Chaos desktop layer list format.

lrcat-file-extension
lrcat-file-description Adobe Lightroom catalog file
lrcat-file-description Files with lrcat suffix can be usually encountered as catalog files from Adobe Photoshop Lightroom.

lrcat-journal-file-extension
lrcat-journal-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom data
lrcat-journal-file-description An lrcat-journal file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom for Windows and Mac.

lrcx-file-extension
lrcx-file-description KwMusic data
lrcx-file-description An lrcx file extension is related to the KwMusic from Kuwo.

lrd-file-extension
lrd-file-description Microsoft Money lock data
lrd-file-description Files with lrd file extension were generated by Microsoft Money accounting software as database lock files. Used to prevent user from opening and editing the same database twice.

lrdata-file-extension
lrdata-file-description Adobe Lightroom preview data
lrdata-file-description An lrdata file contains Adobe Lightroom photo preview data.

lrdb-file-extension
lrdb-file-description Adobe Lightroom database
lrdb-file-description An lrdb file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and used for its photo information database files.

lrdevplugin-file-extension
lrdevplugin-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom plugin file
lrdevplugin-file-description The *.lrdevplugin file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom a photo editing tool. The *.lrdevplugin file stores plugin for Lightroom.

lrec-file-extension
lrec-file-description Inter-Tel web conference recording
lrec-file-description Files with lrec extension can be most notably found as video recordings made with Inter-Tel web tool from Mitel Networks Corporation.

lref-file-extension
lref-file-description WPF XAML cache
lref-file-description An lref file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool and used for its WPF XAML cache data.

lrf-file-extension
lrf-file-description League of Legends saved replay
lrf-file-description Files with lrf file extension can be nowadays mostly encountered as replays saved in the League of Legends battle-arena computer game.

lrg-file-extension
lrg-file-description XRes multi-resolution bitmap
lrg-file-description An lrg file extension is associated with the multi-resolution bitmap format used by XRes, picture editing tool for Windows and Mac.

lrl-file-extension
lrl-file-description SmartWare local resource library
lrl-file-description Files with lrl file extension might be found as resource libraries from SmartWare program.

lrm-file-extension
lrm-file-description Microsoft Encarta class server learning resource file
lrm-file-description Files with lrm extension are used by the Microsoft Encarta digital encyclopedia.

lrmodule-file-extension
lrmodule-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom module
lrmodule-file-description An lrmodule file extension is associated with the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom application. An lrmodule file contains module.

lrn-file-extension
lrn-file-description Apple Chess user data
lrn-file-description An lrn file extension is related to the Apple Chess computer game. An lrn file contains user data.

lrp-file-extension
lrp-file-description IBM Works for OS/2 report
lrp-file-description Files with lrp file extension were used in OS/2 operating system. These were some sort of reports from IBM Works.

lrplugin-file-extension
lrplugin-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom plug-in
lrplugin-file-description An lrplugin file extension is related to Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and used for plug-in files.

lrprev-file-extension
lrprev-file-description Adobe Lightroom index file
lrprev-file-description Files with lrprev file extension can be found as image indexes for Adobe Photoshop Lightroom program.

lrpreview-file-extension
lrpreview-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom preview
lrpreview-file-description An lrpreview file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom preview files.

lrreg-file-extension
lrreg-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom license
lrreg-file-description An lrreg file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and used for its license files.

lrs-file-extension
lrs-file-description Corel WordPerfect language resource file
lrs-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe LRS file extension!

lrsmcol-file-extension
lrsmcol-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom settings
lrsmcol-file-description Files with lrsmcol file extension are settings for Adobe Photoshop Lightroom digital photo editor.

lrt-file-extension
lrt-file-description Yacc log
lrt-file-description An lrt file extension is related to the Yacc a software tool and used for its log files.

lrtoolkit-file-extension
lrtoolkit-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom file
lrtoolkit-file-description Detailed description

lrv-file-extension
lrv-file-description GoPro low resolution video
lrv-file-description Files with lrv extension are usually video recordings made using GoPro HD digital cameras. Stores video data in MPEG-4 video format captured in low resolution.

lrweb-file-extension
lrweb-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom web gallery settings
lrweb-file-description An lrweb file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop Lightroom web gallery settings files.

lrwebengine-file-extension
lrwebengine-file-description Lightroom folder
lrwebengine-file-description Detailed description

lrx-file-extension
lrx-file-description BBeB ebook file
lrx-file-description Files with lrx extension are used by Broad Band eBook file format.

lry-file-extension
lry-file-description Konica Minolta Data Management Software reference data
lry-file-description An lry file extension is related to the Data Management Software developed by Konica Minolta.

lrz-file-extension
lrz-file-description lrzip compressed archive
lrz-file-description Files with lrz extension can be found as lrzip compressed archives.

ls-file-extension
ls-file-description Lightscape solution
ls-file-description The ls file extension is related to the Lightscape solution file format.

ls1-file-extension
ls1-file-description Microsoft Winhelp source data
ls1-file-description An ls1 file extension is associated with the Microsoft Winhelp.

ls3-file-extension
ls3-file-description Band-in-a-Box style file
ls3-file-description Files with ls3 extension are used by Band-in-a-Box, developed by PG Music, Inc. They store some music styles data created by the user.

ls3proj-file-extension
ls3proj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio LightSwitch project
ls3proj-file-description An ls3proj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio LightSwitch projects.

ls4-file-extension
ls4-file-description Lumion exported full scene
ls4-file-description Files with ls4 extension might be found as exported full scene files from Lumion visualization software.

ls5-file-extension
ls5-file-description HTML Compress compressed data
ls5-file-description An ls5 file extension is associated with the HTML Compress compressed data format.

ls6-file-extension
ls6-file-description Lumion 3D model
ls6-file-description Files with ls6 file extension are related to the Lumion 3D model format developed by Act-3D.

lsa-file-extension
lsa-file-description Lotus Designer agent data
lsa-file-description An lsa file extension is related to the Lotus Designer web development software. An lsa file stores agent data.

lsaprototype-file-extension
lsaprototype-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Logical Datacenter Diagram Toolbox Prototype file
lsaprototype-file-description Files with LSAPROTOTYPE extension can be found as one of the data files from Microsoft Visual Studio.

lsb-file-extension
lsb-file-description LightScape Technologies binary data file
lsb-file-description Files with lsb extension are used for LightScape binary file format.

lsc-file-extension
lsc-file-description LOGO! Soft Comfort file
lsc-file-description Files with lsc suffix can be most often found as special data files for LOGO! Soft Comfort software for Microsoft Windows from Siemens AG.

lsd-file-extension
lsd-file-description FIFA World Cup game data environment
lsd-file-description Files with lsd file extension can be found as game data (environment) from FIFA World Cup computer game.

lse-file-extension
lse-file-description Oracle Utilities Load Analysis input data
lse-file-description Files with lse file suffix are related to the Oracle Utilities Load Analysis input data format.

lsf-file-extension
lsf-file-description Advanced Streaming Format
lsf-file-description An lsf file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows and used for its Advanced Streaming Format.

lsg-file-extension
lsg-file-description LimeSurvey group structure XML document
lsg-file-description An lsg file extension is related to the  LimeSurvey group structure XML file format.

lsh-file-extension
lsh-file-description Lush source code
lsh-file-description An lsh file extension is related to the Lush source code files.

lsi-file-extension
lsi-file-description Xerox Lightscribe label
lsi-file-description An lsi file extension is associated with the Xerox Lightscribe. An lsi file contains label.

lsl-file-extension
lsl-file-description Corel Paradox file
lsl-file-description Files with lsl extension are used by Corel Paradox software.

lslibrary-file-extension
lslibrary-file-description Littlesnapper user library package file
lslibrary-file-description Detailed description

lsm-file-extension
lsm-file-description Ziess LSM microscope image
lsm-file-description Files with lsm extension can be typically found as image data files used produced by certain models of Ziess LSM microscope devices. Variant of TIFF format.

lsn-file-extension
lsn-file-description Microsoft Works file
lsn-file-description Files with lsn extension are used for Microsoft Works. They contain some utilities.

lso-file-extension
lso-file-description Apple Logic song
lso-file-description An lso file extension is associated with the Apple Logic and used for its song files.

lsp-file-extension
lsp-file-description LISP source code
lsp-file-description An lsp file extension is related to the LISP, a family of computer programming languages. An lsp file stores source code written in LISP.

lsproj-file-extension
lsproj-file-description LoiLoScope project
lsproj-file-description An lsproj file extension is associated with the LoiLoScope and used for its project files.

lsq-file-extension
lsq-file-description IBM Voice Type languages addword data
lsq-file-description An lsq file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type languages addword data format.

lsr-file-extension
lsr-file-description LANsurveyor report
lsr-file-description An lsr file extension is related to the LANsurveyor, a network mapper for Windows. An lsr file stores report.

lss-file-extension
lss-file-description LotusScript source code file
lss-file-description Files with lss suffix can be found as special source script file type from Lotus Notes by IBM. Also used by Lotus Domino.

lsscript-file-extension
lsscript-file-description Divinity: Original Sin game data
lsscript-file-description Files with lsscript file extension are used by Divinity: Original Sin, a fantasy role playing video game.

lstx-file-extension
lstx-file-description e-Sword verse list
lstx-file-description An lstx file extension is related to the e-Sword Bible studying software.

lsu-file-extension
lsu-file-description LANsurveyor map
lsu-file-description Files with lsu file extension may be mainly found as some sort of LAN maps from the LANsurveyor software.

lsv-file-extension
lsv-file-description Light-O-Rama sequence editor visual preference file
lsv-file-description Files with lsv suffix can be most often found as special visual preferences files for the sequence editor in Light-O-Rama ShowTime Software Suite.

lsw-file-extension
lsw-file-description RPG Maker saved game
lsw-file-description An lsw file extension is related to RPG maker a role-playing-games development environment.

lsx-file-extension
lsx-file-description Advanced Streaming Redirector
lsx-file-description An lsx file extension is related to the Advanced Streaming Redirector File format from Microsoft.

lsxproj-file-extension
lsxproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
lsxproj-file-description An lsxproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool for Microsoft Windows.

lsxtproj-file-extension
lsxtproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio LightSwitch project
lsxtproj-file-description Files with lsxtproj file extension are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio LightSwitch projects.

lsz-file-extension
lsz-file-description Learning Score zip data
lsz-file-description An lsz file extension is related to the Learning Score software.

ls_-file-extension
ls_-file-description Unix ls directory
ls_-file-description An ls_ file extension is related the Unix operating system. An ls_ file contains LS directory.

lt2-file-extension
lt2-file-description Poser light set
lt2-file-description An lt2 file extension is related to Poser, a 3D design tool from Smith Micro Software. An lt2 file stores light set data.

lta-file-extension
lta-file-description Monolith Lithtech game engine data
lta-file-description Files with lta extension can be typically found as game archives from games produced by Monolith Productions.

ltb-file-extension
ltb-file-description Amma Little Setup Builder data
ltb-file-description Files with ltb extension are in most cases special data files from Amma Little Setup Builder. Only used as data resources for the program.

ltc-file-extension
ltc-file-description LTC syntactically analyzed text
ltc-file-description Files with ltc extension can be found as files with analyzed text processed through Linguistic Tree Constructor program.

ltcx-file-extension
ltcx-file-description LTC syntactically analyzed text
ltcx-file-description An ltcx file extension is related to the LTC program for Windows, Linux and Mac. An ltcx file stores syntactically analyzed text.

ltd-file-extension
ltd-file-description LivingTime data
ltd-file-description An ltd file extension is related to the LivingTime and used for its data files.

ltf-file-extension
ltf-file-description Frogans Short-cut file
ltf-file-description Files with ltf extension are used by Frogans. They allow the user to open frogans files without having any need of manual setting up.

ltg-file-extension
ltg-file-description LaserTank graphics data
ltg-file-description An ltg file extension is related to the LaserTank computer game. An ltg file stores some kind of graphics data.

lth-file-extension
lth-file-description Roxio Label Creator style file
lth-file-description Files with lth extension are associated with Easy CD Creator.

lthmb-file-extension
lthmb-file-description Adobe Presenter audio thumbnail
lthmb-file-description An lthmb file extension is related to the Adobe Presenter and used for its audio thumbnail files.

ltkey-file-extension
ltkey-file-description LeaderTask key
ltkey-file-description An ltkey file extension is related to the LeaderTask and used for its key files.

ltl-file-extension
ltl-file-description DIALux luminaire data
ltl-file-description An ltl file extension is related to the DIALux, a light planning software. An ltl file contains data.

ltm-file-extension
ltm-file-description IBM Lotus Forms form
ltm-file-description An ltm file extension is related to the IBM Lotus Forms, a form designing program. An ltm file contains form.

ltn-file-extension
ltn-file-description CD-ROM driver
ltn-file-description An ltn file extension is related to the CD-ROM driver files.

ltp-file-extension
ltp-file-description ZX Spectrum emulator program
ltp-file-description An ltp file extension is related to obsolete Nuclear ZX emulator of Sinclair ZX Spectrum computer. An ltp file stores captured tape with software.

ltr-file-extension
ltr-file-description Letter document
ltr-file-description Files with ltr file suffix were used for letter documents.

lts-file-extension
lts-file-description Links Email Tourney data
lts-file-description An lts file extension is related to the Links Email Tourney files used by the Links 2003 PC Golf.

ltt-file-extension
ltt-file-description HP Library and Tape Tools log
ltt-file-description An ltt file extension is related to the HP Library and Tape Tools and used for its log files.

ltv-file-extension
ltv-file-description Altitude Express video data
ltv-file-description An ltv file extension is related to the Altitude Express video data format.

ltw-file-extension
ltw-file-description IncrediMail data
ltw-file-description An ltw file extension is related to the IncrediMail software for Microsoft Windows.

ltx-file-extension
ltx-file-description S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game settings
ltx-file-description Files with ltx file extension is mainly found as game settings from the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. computer game.

ltz-file-extension
ltz-file-description Poser compressed light set data
ltz-file-description An ltz file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D figure animation software. An ltz file stores compressed light set.

lua-file-extension
lua-file-description Lua script
lua-file-description A lua file extension is related to the Lua scripting language and used for its script files.

luac-file-extension
luac-file-description Lua compiled source code
luac-file-description Files with luac extension are  related to Lua programming language and used for Lua compiled source codes.

luacodec-file-extension
luacodec-file-description Reason Remote Lua Codec
luacodec-file-description A luacodec file extension is related to the Reason Remote Lua Codec from Propellerhead Software AB.

luacomp-file-extension
luacomp-file-description PlayOn settings
luacomp-file-description Files with luacomp file extension are related to the PlayOn TV service.

luar-file-extension
luar-file-description UltraDefrag lua report
luar-file-description Files with luar file extension seems to be mainly encountered as some sort of lua reports generated by UltraDefrag tool.

lub-file-extension
lub-file-description Lua bytecode
lub-file-description Files with lub file extension are related to the Lua bytecode file format.

luca-file-extension
luca-file-description Luca templates
luca-file-description Files with luca extension can be mostly found as templates for Luca component for Backbone.js JavaScript library.

luci-file-extension
luci-file-description Amazon Kindle Fire mobi ebook container
luci-file-description Files with luci file extension are actually specially named folders that contain ebooks in MOBI format. Found on Amazon Kindle Fire ebook reader.

lucs-file-extension
lucs-file-description Amaya tools file
lucs-file-description Files with LUCS extension might be found as part of Amaya web browsing authoring platform.

lucy-file-extension
lucy-file-description HTC Scribble note
lucy-file-description A lucy file extension is related to the HTC Scribble app for Android. A .lucy file contains note.

lud-file-extension
lud-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks land use data
lud-file-description A lud file extension is related to the CARE-S program. A lud file stores land use data.

lue-file-extension
lue-file-description Norton LiveUpdate log
lue-file-description Files with lue file extension are created by the Norton LiveUpdate tool and they include the program's logs.

luf-file-extension
luf-file-description Lipikar Uniform Format file
luf-file-description Files with luf extension are used by the Lipikar program. These are simple text files.

lug-file-extension
lug-file-description Game data
lug-file-description A lug file extension is associated with the Fable, The Movies and other computer games.

lum-file-extension
lum-file-description Luminous song list
lum-file-description A lum file extension is related to Luminous projection software and used for song lists.

lup-file-extension
lup-file-description OzWin CompuServe access library update data
lup-file-description A lup file extension is related to the OzWin CompuServe access library update files.

lut-file-extension
lut-file-description XnView Lut configuration
lut-file-description Files with lut file extension can be most often encountered as configuration files for XnView picture viewer.

lutx-file-extension
lutx-file-description RadioRA Essentials database file
lutx-file-description Files with lutx extension are used by the RadioRA program. They include some database data.

luv-file-extension
luv-file-description Medieval 2 Total War game data
luv-file-description Files with luv file extension can be mainly found as game data archives from Total War game series. Used to store game resources, such as graphics.

luxb-file-extension
luxb-file-description Lux Delux map
luxb-file-description An luxb file extension is related to the Lux Delux, a strategic computer game. A luxb file stores map.

luxor2savedgame-file-extension
luxor2savedgame-file-description Luxor 2 saved game
luxor2savedgame-file-description Files with luxor2savedgame file extension are related to the Luxor 2 saved games.

luxorquestsavedgame-file-extension
luxorquestsavedgame-file-description Luxor: Quest for Afterlife saved game
luxorquestsavedgame-file-description A luxorquestsavedgame file extension is related to the Luxor: Quest for Afterlife saved game files.

luz-file-extension
luz-file-description Spectramap data
luz-file-description Files with luz file extension can be found as part of older Spectramap program from Coloritto BV.

lv-file-extension
lv-file-description Corel PaintShop Pro data
lv-file-description An lv file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Pro software and used for its data files.

lv1-file-extension
lv1-file-description LiVES clip backup
lv1-file-description Files with lv1 file suffix are used by LiVES video editing tool. An lv1 file contains clip backup.

lv6-file-extension
lv6-file-description Return to Wonderland level data
lv6-file-description An lv6 file extension is related to the Return to Wonderland computer game and used for its level files.

lva-file-extension
lva-file-description Logitech Video Effects avatar
lva-file-description An lva file extension is related to the Logitech Video Effects avatar format.

lvb-file-extension
lvb-file-description Outlaws game data
lvb-file-description Files with lvb file extension can be found as game data files from old Outlaws first person shooter from LucasArts.

lvc-file-extension
lvc-file-description Alstom MMS compiler report
lvc-file-description An lvc file extension is related to the Alstom MMS compiler report format.

lvclass-file-extension
lvclass-file-description LabVIEW class library
lvclass-file-description An lvclass file extension is related to the programming platform called LabVIEW.

lvd-file-extension
lvd-file-description LabelPro Design document
lvd-file-description An lvd file extension is related to the LabelPro Design software. The lvd file contains document.

lvf-file-extension
lvf-file-description Logitech Video Effects avatar and face accessory
lvf-file-description An lvf file extension is associated with the Video Effects tool developed by Logitech for webcams. An lvf file contains avatar and face accessory data.

lvivt-file-extension
lvivt-file-description Lvivtotoro game file
lvivt-file-description Files with LVIVT extension can be mainly found as game data files for games made using the Lvivtotoro games creator.

lvix-file-extension
lvix-file-description Lightworks video index
lvix-file-description An lvix file extension is related to the Lightworks video editing tool. An lvix file contains video index.

lvl-file-extension
lvl-file-description Game level data
lvl-file-description Files with lvl suffix can be usually found as level data files from computer games, like Lode Runner, Max Payne, Descent etc.

lvlad-file-extension
lvlad-file-description LabVIEW ladder diagram
lvlad-file-description An lvlad file extension is related to the LabVIEW program and used for its ladder diagram files.

lvlib-file-extension
lvlib-file-description LabVIEW project library
lvlib-file-description An lvlib file extension is related to the LabVIEW a programming platform.

lvlibp-file-extension
lvlibp-file-description LabVIEW packed project library
lvlibp-file-description An lvlibp file extension is related to a programming platform called LabVIEW.

lvlps-file-extension
lvlps-file-description LabVIEW local project settings
lvlps-file-description An lvlps file extension is related to the LabVIEW and it is used for local project settings files.

lvm-file-extension
lvm-file-description LabVIEW measurement data
lvm-file-description Files with lvm extension are mainly encountered as measurement files from LabVIEW.

lvp-file-extension
lvp-file-description Avaya Voice Player compressed voice audio
lvp-file-description Files with lvp suffix can be often found as audio files saved in Avaya Voice format.

lvproj-file-extension
lvproj-file-description LabVIEW project
lvproj-file-description An lvproj file extension is related to the LabVIEW a tool for Microsoft Windows. An lvproj file stores project.

lvr-file-extension
lvr-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio environment snapshot data
lvr-file-description An lvr file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its environment snapshot files.

lvrbt-file-extension
lvrbt-file-description Market Analyst data
lvrbt-file-description An lvrbt file extension is related to the Market Analyst program. An lvrbt file stores data.

lvs-file-extension
lvs-file-description Daylon Leveller selection mask
lvs-file-description A lvs file extension is related to the Daylon Leveller and used for its selection mask data.

lvt-file-extension
lvt-file-description Land surface Verification Toolkit configuration
lvt-file-description Files with lvt file extension are related to the Land surface Verification Toolkit configuration format.

lvw-file-extension
lvw-file-description Livewire document
lvw-file-description Files with lvw suffix are special circuit design documents made in Livewire software for design and simulation of electronic circuits.

lw-file-extension
lw-file-description LightWave 3D binary file
lw-file-description Files with lw extension are used by the LightWave 3D program as some various data used for internal purposes.

lw2-file-extension
lw2-file-description Lightwright show data
lw2-file-description An lw2 file extension is related to the Lightwright software. An lw2 file contains show data.

lw3-file-extension
lw3-file-description Lightwright data
lw3-file-description An lw3 file extension is related to the Lightwright data files.

lw4-file-extension
lw4-file-description Lightwright 4 show data
lw4-file-description An lw4 file extension is related to teh Lightwright version 4. An lw4 file contains show data.

lw5-file-extension
lw5-file-description Lightwright show data file
lw5-file-description Files with lw5 extension are used by Lightwright. They store some show data files.

lwa-file-extension
lwa-file-description LightWorks Archive (LWA) material scene
lwa-file-description An lwa file extension is related to the LightWorks Archive, CAD software. An lwa file contains material scene.

lwac-file-extension
lwac-file-description Likno Web Accordion Builder data
lwac-file-description Files with lwac file extension can be found as part of Likno Web Accordion Builder program.

lwav-file-extension
lwav-file-description XWE data
lwav-file-description An lwav file extension is associated with the XWE a software for Microsoft Windows.

lwbm-file-extension
lwbm-file-description Likno Web Button Maker data
lwbm-file-description Files with lwbm file extension might be found as part of Likno Web Button Maker program.

lwc-file-extension
lwc-file-description Legacy Charting chart
lwc-file-description An lwc file extension is related to the Legacy Charting and used for its chart files.

lwd-file-extension
lwd-file-description LotusWorks text document
lwd-file-description Files with lwd file extension can mainly be found as text documents from old LotusWorks program.

lwf-file-extension
lwf-file-description LuraWave Format image format
lwf-file-description Files with lwf file extension might be found as images in LuraWave image format. Specialized image format.

lwfn-file-extension
lwfn-file-description Adobe Type 1 font
lwfn-file-description An lfwn file extension is related to the Adobe Type 1 font file format.

lwg-file-extension
lwg-file-description Microsoft .NET data
lwg-file-description An lwg file extension is related to Microsoft .NET Framework and Microsoft Visual Studio, an integrated development tool.

lwi-file-extension
lwi-file-description Light Work Image image format
lwi-file-description Files with lwi file extension can be found as bitmap images in Light Work proprietary format.

lwk-file-extension
lwk-file-description Siemens NX Software graphics
lwk-file-description An lwk file extension is related to the Siemens NX Software and used for its texture/material files.

lwl-file-extension
lwl-file-description Lightwright printed paperwork formatting instructions data
lwl-file-description An lwl file extension is related to the Lightwright printed paperwork formatting instructions file format.

lwlo-file-extension
lwlo-file-description LightWave layered object file
lwlo-file-description The *.lwlo file extension is related to the LightWave layered object files.

lwm-file-extension
lwm-file-description LittleWays map file
lwm-file-description Files with lwm extension are associated with LittleWay software. They contain some maps.

lwmw-file-extension
lwmw-file-description Likno Web Modal Windows Builder data
lwmw-file-description Files with lwmw file extension can be found as part of Likno Web Modal Windows Builder. Internal data file.

lwo-file-extension
lwo-file-description LightWave 3D object
lwo-file-description An lwo file extension is related to the object files used by LightWave, a 3D rendering software.

lwob-file-extension
lwob-file-description LightWave 3D object
lwob-file-description An lwob file extension is related to the LightWave and used for its object files.

lwp-file-extension
lwp-file-description Lotus Word Pro document
lwp-file-description Files with lwp file extension are typically encountered as documents made in Lotus Word Pro word processor.

lwpp-file-extension
lwpp-file-description Live Wallpaper for Mac desktop theme
lwpp-file-description An lwpp file extension is related to the Live Wallpaper, a desktop theme enhancer and manager for OS X (macOS). An lwpp file stores desktop theme.

lwq-file-extension
lwq-file-description SWAT lake water quality input file
lwq-file-description Detailed description

lws-file-extension
lws-file-description LightWave scene
lws-file-description An lws file extension is associated with the LightWave, a 3D modeling tool. An lws file contains scene data.

lwt-file-extension
lwt-file-description Lightwright attribute list file
lwt-file-description Files with lwt extension are used by Lightwright program. They are used as attribute list files.

lwtb-file-extension
lwtb-file-description Likno Web Tabs Builder file
lwtb-file-description Detailed description

lwtp-file-extension
lwtp-file-description LimeWire theme
lwtp-file-description An lwtp file extension is related to the LimeWire, a peer-to-peer network. An lwtp file contains theme.

lwtt-file-extension
lwtt-file-description Likno Web Tooltips Builder file
lwtt-file-description Detailed description

lwv-file-extension
lwv-file-description Microsoft linguistically enhanced sound file
lwv-file-description Files with lwv extension are associated with a special audio format related to Microsoft Linguistic Information Sound Editing Tool.

lwx-file-extension
lwx-file-description Lightwright database
lwx-file-description Files with lwx file extension can be most often found as databases from Lightwright lighting design paperwork management software.

lwz-file-extension
lwz-file-description LightWave 3D plugin
lwz-file-description An lwz file extension is related to the LightWave 3D and used for its plugin files.

lx-file-extension
lx-file-description LPEX customization command profile file
lx-file-description Files with lx extension are used for LPEX system. They include command profile data.

lx01-file-extension
lx01-file-description EnCase Forensic logical evidence
lx01-file-description An lx01 file extension is related to the EnCase Forensic logical evidence data.

lx3-file-extension
lx3-file-description Lounge Lizard exchange data
lx3-file-description An lx3 file extension is related to the Lounge Lizard VST plugin.

lxa-file-extension
lxa-file-description Microsoft Office Speech Engines lexicon
lxa-file-description Files with lxa suffix can be typically found as lexicon files for Microsoft Office Speech Engines.

lxcp-file-extension
lxcp-file-description LCARS x32 for Windows color profile
lxcp-file-description Files with lxcp file extension might be found as color profiles for LCARS X32 Windows desktop enhancement.

lxd-file-extension
lxd-file-description eDictionary Reader dictionary data
lxd-file-description An lxd file extension is used for dictionary data files used by the eDictionary Reader.

lxe-file-extension
lxe-file-description Luxology modo environment preset
lxe-file-description An lxe file extension is related to the Luxology modo environment preset format.

lxf-file-extension
lxf-file-description LEGO CAD scene
lxf-file-description Files with lxf extension can be mostly encountered rendered scene files from LEGO Digital Designer.

lxfml-file-extension
lxfml-file-description LEGO Digital Designer XML data
lxfml-file-description An lxfml file extension is related to the LEGO Digital Designer XML data format.

lxk-file-extension
lxk-file-description COREX lexicon link-up file
lxk-file-description Files with lxk file extension can be found as lexicon link-up files from Corex software.

lxl-file-extension
lxl-file-description Luxology modo single-layer mesh presets
lxl-file-description Files with lxl file extension might be found as single-layer mesh presets from Luxology modo.

lxo-file-extension
lxo-file-description Luxology modo 302 3D drawing
lxo-file-description Files with lxo file extension can be found as 3D drawings made using the modo app developed by Luxology LLC.

lxp-file-extension
lxp-file-description La grande Encyclopédie plug-in
lxp-file-description An lxp file extension is related to the La grande Encyclopédie program. The lxp file stores plug-in.

lxq-file-extension
lxq-file-description Daz Studio frame list
lxq-file-description Files with lxq file extension are related to the DAZ Studio and used for its frame lists.

lxr-file-extension
lxr-file-description MicroVigene license request
lxr-file-description A file extension lxr is related to the MicroVigene license request format.

lxsopt-file-extension
lxsopt-file-description Liquid XML Studio project settings
lxsopt-file-description Files with lxsopt extension might be found as settings files from Liquid XML Studio.

lxsproj-file-extension
lxsproj-file-description Liquid XML Studio project
lxsproj-file-description Files with lxsproj extension might be found as project files for Liquid XML Studio.

lxt-file-extension
lxt-file-description S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game data
lxt-file-description Files with lxt file extension might be found as part of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. computer game.

lxv-file-extension
lxv-file-description Lexar Secure II encrypted archive file
lxv-file-description Files with lxv extension can mostly be found as encrypted archives from Lexar Secure II.

lx_-file-extension
lx_-file-description Unknown file extension
lx_-file-description Files with lx_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ly-file-extension
ly-file-description LilyPond music score
ly-file-description Files with ly suffix can be mainly encountered as music notations made and saved using the LilyPond music notation software.

ly2-file-extension
ly2-file-description EAGLE Layout Editor data
ly2-file-description An ly2 file extension is related to the EAGLE, a PCB designing program for Windows. An ly2 file stores inner signal layer GERBER data.

lyc-file-extension
lyc-file-description bestIMAGE compressed drawing
lyc-file-description A lyc file extension is related to the bestIMAGE CAD software and used for its compressed drawing files.

lyr-file-extension
lyr-file-description Lyrics
lyr-file-description A lyr file extension is related to the Lyrics files. A text based file format. Contains words of certain song.

lys-file-extension
lys-file-description DataCAD layer control data
lys-file-description A lys file extension is related to the DataCAD and used for its layer control data.

lyt-file-extension
lyt-file-description DESQview data
lyt-file-description A lyt file extension is related to the DESQview, a text mode multitasking software for MS-DOS operating system.

lyx-file-extension
lyx-file-description LyX document
lyx-file-description Files with lyx suffix can be mainly encountered as documents from the LyX document editing software for Windows and Mac.

lz-file-extension
lz-file-description LZIP compressed archive
lz-file-description Files with lz suffix can be mainly found as compressed archives in LZIP compression format.

lz4-file-extension
lz4-file-description LZ4 compressed data file
lz4-file-description Files with lz4 extension are pretty much always archives compressed with the LZ4 format.

lza-file-extension
lza-file-description LZA video data
lza-file-description Files with lza file extension might be found as video files. Format invented by Brian Strack Jensen.

lzc-file-extension
lzc-file-description Need for Speed Undercover game data
lzc-file-description An lzc file extension is related to Need for Speed Undercover car racing video game. An lzc file stores game data including, models, track maps, objects, graphics etc.

lzf-file-extension
lzf-file-description Autodesk 3D Studio Max lens effect flare file
lzf-file-description Files with lzf extension are used by 3D Studio Max software. They include lens effect data.

lzh-file-extension
lzh-file-description LH ARC compressed archive
lzh-file-description Files with lzh extension can be most often found as compressed archives saved using LH ARC compression format which was often used on Commodore Amiga computers.

lzj-file-extension
lzj-file-description Atari Jaguar LZSS compressed data
lzj-file-description An lzj file extension is related to the Atari Jaguar video gaming console. An lzj file contains LZSS compressed data.

lzk-file-extension
lzk-file-description loizziTimeControl database file
lzk-file-description Files with lzk extension are used by the loizziTimeControl shareware application.

lzm-file-extension
lzm-file-description Slax module
lzm-file-description An lzm file extension is associated with the Slax a distribution of Linux operating system. An lzm file stores module.

lzma-file-extension
lzma-file-description 7-Zip compressed data
lzma-file-description Files with lzma file extension are used by 7-zip compression application. They contain compressed files.

lzma86-file-extension
lzma86-file-description Archive file
lzma86-file-description Files with lzma86 extension are compressed files openable by the PeaZip program. They are compressed by LZMA compression algorithm.

lzo-file-extension
lzo-file-description lzop archive
lzo-file-description An lzo file extension is related to the Lempel-Ziv-Oberhumer Packer. The lzo file stores archive.

lzop-file-extension
lzop-file-description LZOP compressed data
lzop-file-description An lzop file extension is related to LZOP compression utility. An .lzop file stores compressed archive.

lzp-file-extension
lzp-file-description Law and Order 3: Justice is Served game file
lzp-file-description Files with lzp extension are used for the Law and Order 3: Justice. They contain games archives.

lzr-file-extension
lzr-file-description Crunched LBR archive
lzr-file-description An lzr file extension is related to the Crunched LBR archive file format.

lzs-file-extension
lzs-file-description LARC compressed file archive
lzs-file-description An lzs file extension is related to the LARC based archive format.

lzt-file-extension
lzt-file-description HP StoreEver 1/8 G2 firmware data
lzt-file-description Files with lzt file extension can be found inside  HP StoreEver 1/8 G2 Tape Autoloader devices.

lzw-file-extension
lzw-file-description LZW compressed archive
lzw-file-description An lzw file extension is related to the Lempel-Ziv-Welch compressed archive format.

lzx-file-extension
lzx-file-description Amiga LZX archive file
lzx-file-description Files with lzx extension are associated with Archiver utility used by Amiga software. They are compressed archive files.

m2t-file-extension
m2t-file-description MPEG-2 transport stream
m2t-file-description Files with m2t extension are in most cases video files in MPEG-2 transport video stream file format  which were especially in the past mostly used for terrestrial or satellite broadcasting.

m2ts-file-extension
m2ts-file-description MPEG-2 stream (Blu-Ray)
m2ts-file-description An m2ts file extension is commonly used on Blu-Ray disks for BDAV MPEG-2 transport stream and is widely supported HD video format playable on almost any modern media players. Often used for official movie releases on Blu-Ray.

m3u-file-extension
m3u-file-description MP3 songs playlist
m3u-file-description An m3u file extension is related to M3U (Moving Picture Experts Group Audio Layer 3 Uniform Resource Locator) playlist file format. It was originally implemented in Winamp, although it is now supported by many applications.

m3u8-file-extension
m3u8-file-description UTF-8 M3U playlist
m3u8-file-description Files with m3u8 file extension are playlists saved in special  M3U UTF-8 (Unicode) text playlist format. Playlists do not contain any multimedia content, just the list of songs or other multimedia files. Playable in almost every media player.

m4a-file-extension
m4a-file-description MPEG-4 compressed audio
m4a-file-description FIles with m4a extension are audio files stored in MPEG-4 (MP4) container and use AAC (Advanced Audio Coding), or Apple Lossless (ALAC) audio compression. M4A is very popular on Mac computers, because it is default audio format used by iTunes. M4A is also default audio format for Apple portable devices (iPod, iPhone, iPad).

m4b-file-extension
m4b-file-description MPEG-4 Audio Layer audio book

m4p-file-extension
m4p-file-description Apple iTunes Music Store audio

m4v-file-extension
m4v-file-description MPEG-4 video file format
m4v-file-description Files with m4v extension are just renamed MP4 movie used by Apple iTunes. MP4 is a standard container format for MPEG-4 stream format. M4V is common video format used in Apple devices like iPad or iPhone.

map-file-extension
map-file-description Geographical map

max-file-extension
max-file-description 3ds Max (3D Studio MAX) scene

mbz-file-extension
mbz-file-description Pogoshell NES emulator plugin

md-file-extension
md-file-description Markdown markup language source code

md5-file-extension
md5-file-description Checksum data

mdb-file-extension
mdb-file-description Microsoft Access database

mdbackup-file-extension
mdbackup-file-description Apple iPhone backup
mdbackup-file-description A mdbackup file extension is mainly related to one of the backup formats used in iOS devices like iPhone.

mdf-file-extension
mdf-file-description Alcohol 120% disc image file format

mdi-file-extension
mdi-file-description Microsoft Office Document Imaging file format

mds-file-extension
mds-file-description Alcohol 120% Image file (media descriptor file) format

mdx-file-extension
mdx-file-description Media Data eXtended image

mht-file-extension
mht-file-description Mime HTML (MHTML) document
mht-file-description An mht file extension is associated with the Mime HTML files. MHTML is web archive format used to bind resources and HTML code into a single file. Used mainly on internet and openable with every web browser.

micro-file-extension
micro-file-description TeslaCrypt 3.0 ransomware encrypted data

midi-file-extension
midi-file-description MIDI-sequention sound
midi-file-description Files with midi extension can be generally found as audio files in MIDI format.

mkv-file-extension
mkv-file-description Matroska multimedia container video file
mkv-file-description An mkv file extension file extension is used for Matroska Multimedia Container format, which is an open source video format very often used for HD movies. You can open it in almost any media player as the format is largely supported.

mobi-file-extension
mobi-file-description Mobipocket eBook format
mobi-file-description Files with mobi extension can be typically found as e-books saved in Mobipocket format, now mostly used by Amazon.

mod-file-extension
mod-file-description Hard disk camera movie MPEG-2 program stream

mov-file-extension
mov-file-description Apple QuickTime digital video

mp3-file-extension
mp3-file-description Compressed audio and music file, mp3 songs or ringtones

mp4-file-extension
mp4-file-description MPEG-4 video file format
mp4-file-description An mp4 file extension is typically used for MPEG-4 multimedia files defined by ISO 14496-1 standard. Commonly used for video and movie files and supported by vast number of media players.

mpd-file-extension
mpd-file-description Microsoft Project database

mpeg-file-extension
mpeg-file-description MPEG movie
mpeg-file-description An mpeg file extension is related to the MPEG-1 video file format developed by Moving Pictures Experts Group that are used for Video-CD and CD-i media.

mpg-file-extension
mpg-file-description MPEG 1 video file format
mpg-file-description Files with mpg extension are video files in MPEG-1 video format developed by Moving Picture Experts Group and used with Video-CD and CD-i media. Historically one of the most common video file types.

mpp-file-extension
mpp-file-description Microsoft Project plan file

mpt-file-extension
mpt-file-description Microsoft Project template

mrw-file-extension
mrw-file-description Minolta Dimage RAW image
mrw-file-description Files with mrw extension can be mainly found as digital photograph RAWs recorded using Minolta Konica digital cameras.

msg-file-extension
msg-file-description Saved email message file

msi-file-extension
msi-file-description Microsoft Windows Installer installation package

msmessagestore-file-extension
msmessagestore-file-description Windows Mail message information database
msmessagestore-file-description The msmessagestore file extension is related to Windows Mail and Windows Live Mail e-mail clients for Microsoft Windows operating system. The msmessagestore file contains message properties such as subjects, authors, dates, size etc.

msu-file-extension
msu-file-description Microsoft Update Standalone Package

mswmm-file-extension
mswmm-file-description Microsoft Windows Movie Maker project
mswmm-file-description Files with mswmm extension can be most often found as projects from Microsoft Windows Movie Maker, a video creating/editing software application, included in Microsoft Windows Me, XP, and Vista.

mts-file-extension
mts-file-description AVCHD MPEG-2 transport stream

mui-file-extension
mui-file-description MultiLanguage Windows resource data

m-file-extension
m-file-description Objective-C language source data
m-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe M file extension!

m%2195-file-extension
m%2195-file-description Adobe Director for Mac data
m%2195-file-description An m!95 file extension is related to the Adobe Director for Mac. An m!95 file stores data.

m%24s-file-extension
m%24s-file-description MindStor firmware update
m%24s-file-description Files with m$s file extension might be found as firmware updates for MindStor devices.

m-jpeg-file-extension
m-jpeg-file-description M-JPEG data
m-jpeg-file-description The m-jpeg file extension is used for Motion JPEG video file format used to store video data in high quality. Every frame of M-JPEG video is stored in JPEG picture format.

m00-file-extension
m00-file-description ComputerEyes animation
m00-file-description An m00 file extension is related to the ComputerEyes, an animation tool for PC, Apple II and Macintosh. An m00 file stores animation.

m01-file-extension
m01-file-description MicroStation modification resource data
m01-file-description An m01 file extension is related to the MicroStation, a 3D CAD and CAM software. An m01 file stores modification resource data.

m02-file-extension
m02-file-description ComputerEyes animation
m02-file-description An m02 file extension is related to the ComputerEyes software and used for its animation data.

m03-file-extension
m03-file-description ComputerEyes animation
m03-file-description Files with m03 extension are used for ComputerEyes, digitizing/scanning system made by Digital Vision.

m04-file-extension
m04-file-description ComputerEyes animation
m04-file-description An m04 file extension is related to the ComputerEyes and used for its animation data.

m06-file-extension
m06-file-description Microsoft Money 98 backup data
m06-file-description Files with m06 file extension are related to the Microsoft Money. An m06 file stores backup of financial data.

m07-file-extension
m07-file-description Microsoft Money 99 backup data
m07-file-description An m07 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money an accounting software. An m07 file contains backup data.

m09-file-extension
m09-file-description Microsoft Money 2001 backup data
m09-file-description An m09 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money and used for its backup data.

m10-file-extension
m10-file-description Microsoft Money 2002 data
m10-file-description An m10 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money, a personal finance program. An m10 file contains financial data.

m11-file-extension
m11-file-description Microsoft Money 2003 data
m11-file-description An m11 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money 2003, a financial management software. An m11 file stores various financial data.

m12-file-extension
m12-file-description Microsoft Money 2004 backup data
m12-file-description An m12 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money 2004. An m12 file contains backup of financial data.

m13-file-extension
m13-file-description Microsoft Media Viewer data
m13-file-description An m13 file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Media Viewer software.

m14-file-extension
m14-file-description Microsoft Money 2005 backup data
m14-file-description An m14 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money an obsolete finance management app for Microsoft Windows. An m14 contains backup data created by Money 2005.

m15-file-extension
m15-file-description Microsoft Money 2006 data
m15-file-description An m15 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money accounting software. An m15 file contains data.

m16-file-extension
m16-file-description Microsoft Money 2007 data file
m16-file-description Files with m16 extension are used for Microsoft Money program. They contain backup copy of your unconverted files.

m18-file-extension
m18-file-description Accolade Golf course data
m18-file-description An m18 file extension is related to the Accolade Golf and used for its course files.

m1a-file-extension
m1a-file-description Apple QuickTime MPEG-1/2 audio data
m1a-file-description An m1a file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime MPEG-1/2 audio file format.

m1c-file-extension
m1c-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
m1c-file-description An m1c file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type, a voice dictation program. An m1c file stores languages newuser data.

m1i-file-extension
m1i-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser
m1i-file-description The m1i file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type languages newuser files.

m1pg-file-extension
m1pg-file-description iFinish video file
m1pg-file-description The m1pg file extension is associated with the iFinish video format.

m1s-file-extension
m1s-file-description MPEG-1 system stream
m1s-file-description Files with file extension m1s are related to the MPEG-1 system stream format.

m1v-file-extension
m1v-file-description Moving Pictures Experts Group video (MPEG-1 IPB)
m1v-file-description The M1V file extension is related to the Moving Pictures Experts Group video MPEG-1 video compression format. The .m1v file stores MPEG-1 compressed video.

m2-file-extension
m2-file-description World of Warcraft model object file format
m2-file-description Files with m2 file extension are graphic models for the World of Warcraft MMORPG. These are commonly found within MPQ archives and used for various modding purposes.

m21-file-extension
m21-file-description MPEG-21 video data
m21-file-description An m21 file extension is related to the MPEG-21 standard created by the Moving Picture Experts Group that defines a normative open framework for end-to-end multimedia creation, delivery and consumption.

m22-file-extension
m22-file-description Farallon's MacRecorder recording file
m22-file-description Files with m22 file extension can be found as old audio recordings from Farallon's MacRecorder.

m25-file-extension
m25-file-description Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager data
m25-file-description An m25 file extension is related to the Endpoint Protection Manager from Symantec. An m25 file contains data.

m2a-file-extension
m2a-file-description MPEG-2 audio
m2a-file-description An m2a file extension is associated with the MPEG-2 audio file format supported by various apps from Adobe.

m2c-file-extension
m2c-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
m2c-file-description An m2c file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its Newuser files.

m2d-file-extension
m2d-file-description HTC Manila 2D for Windows Mobile skin
m2d-file-description An m2d file extension is related to the HTC Manila, a launcher for Windows Mobile used by HTC phones.  An m2d file stores skin for Manila.

m2dct-file-extension
m2dct-file-description HTC Manila 2D for Windows Mobile skin
m2dct-file-description An m2dct file extension is related to Manila 2D a launcher for Windows Mobile operating system developed by HTC. An m2dct file stores skin.

m2e-file-extension
m2e-file-description Unknown file extension
m2e-file-description Files with m2e file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

m2f-file-extension
m2f-file-description Maxthon filter package data
m2f-file-description Files with m2f file extension can mainly be found as filter packages from Maxthon cloud web browser.

m2i-file-extension
m2i-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser file
m2i-file-description Detailed description

m2l-file-extension
m2l-file-description Maxthon language package
m2l-file-description An m2l file extension is related to the Maxthon and used for its language package format.

m2m-file-extension
m2m-file-description TiMidity++ M2M settings file
m2m-file-description Files with m2m extension are used by the TiMidity++ environment.

m2o-file-extension
m2o-file-description Modula Fitted Modula2 data
m2o-file-description Files with m2o file extension can be found as fitted modula 2 files from Modula programming language. Probably very old.

m2p-file-extension
m2p-file-description MPEG-2 stream file format
m2p-file-description An m2p file extension is used for video files that contains audio and video in MPEG-2 video file format. M2P video containers are used especially for video streaming. It is also used by various DVR recorders to stored captured video from digital broadcast.

m2ps-file-extension
m2ps-file-description MPEG program stream
m2ps-file-description An m2ps file extension is associated with the MPEG program stream file format.

m2r-file-extension
m2r-file-description Avaya Mib2Rules Perl script
m2r-file-description An m2r file extension is related to the Avaya Mib2Rules program. An m2r file stores script.

m2s-file-extension
m2s-file-description MPEG-2 video stream
m2s-file-description An m2s file extension is related to the MPEG-2 video stream format.

m2u-file-extension
m2u-file-description Maxthon layout data
m2u-file-description An m2u file extension is used for Maxthon web browser layout files.

m2v-file-extension
m2v-file-description MPEG-2 packetized elementary stream
m2v-file-description Files with m2v extension can be found mainly found as video files in MPEG-2 Packetized Elementary Stream format.

m3-file-extension
m3-file-description Modula 3 programming language source code
m3-file-description An m3 file extension is related to the Modula-3 programming language source code files.

m32-file-extension
m32-file-description Duke Nukem 3D script
m32-file-description An m32 file extension is related to the Duke Nukem 3D and used for its script files.

m3a-file-extension
m3a-file-description Enhanced M3U playlist
m3a-file-description An m3a file extension is related to the Enhanced M3U playlist file format used by JukeBox Decoder.

m3c-file-extension
m3c-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
m3c-file-description An m3c file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages newuser files.

m3d-file-extension
m3d-file-description DIALux 3D furniture object
m3d-file-description Files with m3d extension can be mainly found a light 3D object files from the DIALux light planning software.

m3g-file-extension
m3g-file-description Nokia Mobile 3D graphics
m3g-file-description Files with m3g file extension can be found as 3D graphics generated for the Nokia Mobile Series 40 family of cell phones.

m3h-file-extension
m3h-file-description Starcraft 2 model
m3h-file-description An m3h file extension is related to the Starcraft 2, a real-time strategic computer game. An m3h file contains model data files.

m3i-file-extension
m3i-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
m3i-file-description An m3i file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages newuser files.

m3k-file-extension
m3k-file-description Interactive Digital Content File
m3k-file-description An m3k file extension is related to the Interactive Digital Content file format for cellular mobile phones.

m3r-file-extension
m3r-file-description Autodesk Moldflow 3D fill+pack restart data
m3r-file-description The m3r file extension is related to the Autodesk Moldflow 3D fill+pack restart file format.

m3s-file-extension
m3s-file-description Myst III Exile saved game
m3s-file-description An m3s file extension is related to the Myst III Exile and used for its saved game files.

m3t-file-extension
m3t-file-description Myst 3 Exile text file
m3t-file-description An m3t file extension is related to the Myst 3 computer game. An m3t file contains text data.

m3url-file-extension
m3url-file-description SMIL MP3 playlist data
m3url-file-description An m3url file extension is associated with the SMIL (Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language) file format. File contains playlist.

m3v-file-extension
m3v-file-description DJ Mix Pro playlist
m3v-file-description An m3v file extension is related to the DJ Mix Pro multimedia playback app and used for its playlist files.

m3x-file-extension
m3x-file-description MAGIX Digital Photo Maker PhotoCD playlist
m3x-file-description An m3x file extension is related to the MAGIX Digital Photo Maker. An m3x file contains PhotoCD playlist.

m4-file-extension
m4-file-description M4 preprocessor macro
m4-file-description An m4 file extension is related to the M4 program. An m4 file stores preprocessor macro.

m4c-file-extension
m4c-file-description IBM Voice Type language newuser
m4c-file-description An m4c file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type language newuser file format.

m4d-file-extension
m4d-file-description Sage MAS 90 data
m4d-file-description An m4d file extension is related to the Sage MAS 90 software and used for its data files.

m4e-file-extension
m4e-file-description MPEG-4 video data
m4e-file-description An m4e file extension is related to the MPEG-4 video file format used by some kind of apps.

m4f-file-extension
m4f-file-description MPEG-4 video data file
m4f-file-description An m4f file extension is related to the video data captured by Sony Network Camera.

m4i-file-extension
m4i-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
m4i-file-description An m4i file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages newuser files.

m4l-file-extension
m4l-file-description Sage MAS 90 data
m4l-file-description An m4l file extension is related to the Sage MAS 90 suite. An m4l file stores data.

m4r-file-extension
m4r-file-description Apple iPhone ringtone format
m4r-file-description An m4r file extension is used for ringtones that is used by Apple iPhone. iPhone ringtones are stored in the same m4a audio format as songs. However m4r file extension is used to differentiate ringtones and songs.

m4s-file-extension
m4s-file-description Myst IV: Revelation saved game
m4s-file-description Files with m4s extension might be found as saved game positions from Myst IV: Revelation computer game.

m4t-file-extension
m4t-file-description Sage MAS 90 table
m4t-file-description An m4t file extension is related to the Sage MAS 90. An m4t file stores table.

m4u-file-extension
m4u-file-description MPEG-4 playlist file
m4u-file-description Files with m4u extension are associated with MPEG-4 playlist files.

m4x-file-extension
m4x-file-description SynDEx data
m4x-file-description Files with m4x file extension can generally be found as source codes from SynDEx.

m51-file-extension
m51-file-description ARM Keil Tools linker listing data
m51-file-description An m51 file extension is related to Keil integrated development environment for ARM platform. An m51 file stores listing data for linker.

m5m-file-extension
m5m-file-description MachFive audio
m5m-file-description An m5m file extension is associated with the MachFive, an audio composing software.

m5p-file-extension
m5p-file-description MachFive audio
m5p-file-description An m5p file extension is related to the MachFive software for Windows and Apple Mac OS X (macOS).

m64-file-extension
m64-file-description Mupen64 movie capture
m64-file-description Files with m64 extension are related to the Mupen64 emulator. The m64 file contains movie capture.

m65-file-extension
m65-file-description REI Camera System video format
m65-file-description Files with m65 file extension can mainly be found as videos recorded with the REI Camera system.

m68-file-extension
m68-file-description Turbo Pascal DOS data
m68-file-description An m68 file extension is related to the Turbo Pascal, a program development tool. An m68 file contains data.

m6b-file-extension
m6b-file-description Mark VI data
m6b-file-description Files with m6b file extension can be found in relation with Mark VI turbine control software.

m6m-file-extension
m6m-file-description Mazatrol language M640M NC unit
m6m-file-description An m6m file extension is related to the Mazatrol programming language and used for its program files.

m75-file-extension
m75-file-description Apple QuickTime Player file
m75-file-description Detailed description

m77t-file-extension
m77t-file-description GEODAS MGD77T data
m77t-file-description An m77t file extension is related to the GEODAS MGD77T Marine Geophysical Data Exchange Format.

m7a-file-extension
m7a-file-description MapKing map
m7a-file-description Files with m7a file extension are related to the MapKing navigation software.

m7c-file-extension
m7c-file-description Yamaha M7CL digital mixing console data
m7c-file-description An m7c file extension is related to the Yamaha M7CL digital mixing console data.

m7d-file-extension
m7d-file-description MapKing navigation map
m7d-file-description Files with m7d file extension can be found as GPS navigation maps for MapKing software.

m7p-file-extension
m7p-file-description Multilizer PDF Translator project
m7p-file-description An m7p file extension is related to the Multilizer PDF Translator and used for its project files.

m8-file-extension
m8-file-description Heretic II MipMap image file
m8-file-description Files with m8 extension are used for MipMap image format in Heretic II computer game.

m8m-file-extension
m8m-file-description 8mam8 game data
m8m-file-description An m8m file extension is related to the 8mam8 computer game. An m8m file stores game data.

m98-file-extension
m98-file-description Nokia Mediamaster 9800S satellites list
m98-file-description An m98 file extension is related to Nokia Mediamaster 9800S.

m99-file-extension
m99-file-description M99 compressed data
m99-file-description An m99 file extension is related to the M99 compressed data file format.

m%3F%3F-file-extension
m%3F%3F-file-description Ingres Modify Table/Index file
m%3F%3F-file-description Detailed description

ma-file-extension
ma-file-description Autodesk Maya ASCII scene
ma-file-description Files with ma extension can be mainly found ASCII scene files produced by Autodesk Maya software.

ma0-file-extension
ma0-file-description Diablo II Act 1 saved map progress
ma0-file-description An ma0 file extension is related to the Diablo 2 hack and slash RPG computer game. An ma0 file stores saved map progress in Act 1.

ma1-file-extension
ma1-file-description Monarch audio data
ma1-file-description An ma1 file extension is related to the Monarch FireX and Digimix. An ma1 file stores audio data.

ma1.mmf-file-extension
ma1.mmf-file-description SMAF Synthetic music mobile application format
ma1.mmf-file-description An ma1.mmf file extension is associated with the SMAF Synthetic music mobile application format developed by Yamaha.

ma2-file-extension
ma2-file-description Diablo II Act 3 saved map progress
ma2-file-description An ma2 file extension is related to the Diablo II hack and slash computer game. An ma2 file contains saved map progress in Act 3.

ma2.mmf-file-extension
ma2.mmf-file-description SMAF Synthetic music mobile application format
ma2.mmf-file-description An ma2.mmf file extension is associated with the SMAF Synthetic music mobile application format.

ma3-file-extension
ma3-file-description Harvard Graphics macro
ma3-file-description An ma3 file extension is related to the Harvard Graphics software and used for its macro format.

maa-file-extension
maa-file-description MMANA antenna data file
maa-file-description Files with maa file extension seems to be mostly found as antenna data files fom MMANA, MM Antena Analyzer. Probably obsolete file format.

mab-file-extension
mab-file-description Mozilla address book
mab-file-description Files with mab file extension can be found as address books from Mozilla Thunderbird and Mozilla Seamonkey email clients.

mac-file-extension
mac-file-description Macro script
mac-file-description Files with mac extension can be usually found as some forms of macros used in various programs. Used as script to automate certain processes or operations.

maca-file-extension
maca-file-description MacWrite document
maca-file-description A maca file extension is related MacWrite a word processor for Apple Macintosh. A maca file stores document written in MacWrite.

macbin-file-extension
macbin-file-description MacBinary archive
macbin-file-description A macbin file extension is related to the MacBinary archive file format used by old Macintosh computers.

macdraw-file-extension
macdraw-file-description MacDraw file format
macdraw-file-description A macdraw file extension is related to the MacDraw and used for its drawing files.

macmol-file-extension
macmol-file-description Mac Molecule chemical modeller file
macmol-file-description Detailed description

macp-file-extension
macp-file-description Apple Macintosh MacPaint bitmap image
macp-file-description Detailed description

macs-file-extension
macs-file-description Apple Mac OS system data
macs-file-description An macs file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS Classic operating system. Probably obsolete format.

mad-file-extension
mad-file-description Microsoft Access module shortcut
mad-file-description A mad file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a database management system. A mad file stores module shortcut.

madebyadam-file-extension
madebyadam-file-description Roga ransomware affected file
madebyadam-file-description Files with madebyadam suffix are definitely encrypted files that had their extension replaced by Roga ransomware.

mae-file-extension
mae-file-description Maestro molecular model
mae-file-description Files with mae file extension can be found as molecular models from Maestro molecular modeling environment.

maf-file-extension
maf-file-description Microsoft Access form shortcut
maf-file-description A maf file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a database management system. A maf file contains form shortcut data.

maff-file-extension
maff-file-description Mozilla archive format
maff-file-description Files with maff extension can be typically encountered as web data archives produced by Mozilla Firefox or Seamonkey.

mag-file-extension
mag-file-description Magenta colour separation
mag-file-description A mag file extension is associated with the Adobe Photoshop and used for its magenta color separation format.

magic-file-extension
magic-file-description Magic Mail Monitor configuration
magic-file-description A magic file extension is related to the Magic Mail Monitor configuration data.

magik-file-extension
magik-file-description Magik source code
magik-file-description A magik file extension is related to the Magic Development Tools, development tool. A magik file stores source code.

magnet-file-extension
magnet-file-description Magnet link
magnet-file-description A magnet file extension is related to various peer to peer networks. A magnet file refer to resources available for download.

mahjongtitanssave-ms-file-extension
mahjongtitanssave-ms-file-description Mahjong Titans saved game
mahjongtitanssave-ms-file-description A mahjongtitanssave-ms file extension is related to the Mahjong Titans computer game. A mahjongtitanssave-ms file stores saved game.

mai-file-extension
mai-file-description Microsoft Mail message
mai-file-description Files with mai file extension could be found as saved e-mail messages in old Microsoft Mail program.

mail-file-extension
mail-file-description NeoPlanet mail client data
mail-file-description A mail file extension is related to the NeoPlanet mail client files.

mailablistview-file-extension
mailablistview-file-description MS AddressBook data
mailablistview-file-description A mailablistview file extension is related to the MS AddressBook software.

mailabview-file-extension
mailabview-file-description MS AddressBook data
mailabview-file-description A mailabview file extension is related to the MS AddressBook files.

maildb-file-extension
maildb-file-description MSN Mail data
maildb-file-description Files with maildb file extension can be found as saved email messages from MSN Mail.

mailhost-file-extension
mailhost-file-description E-mail Server preferences
mailhost-file-description A mailhost file extension is related to the E-mail Server preferences files.

mailloc-file-extension
mailloc-file-description Apple Mac Finder mail internet location data
mailloc-file-description An mailloc file extension is related to the Apple Mac Finder and used for its mail internet location files.

mailstationery-file-extension
mailstationery-file-description Apple Mail stationary data
mailstationery-file-description A mailstationery file extension is related to the Apple Mail app. A mailstationery file stores design of e-mail message.

mailtoloc-file-extension
mailtoloc-file-description Apple Mail mail address file
mailtoloc-file-description Files with mailtoloc extension are used by the Apple Mail e-mail client.

mailview-file-extension
mailview-file-description Microsoft Mail message view
mailview-file-description Files with mailview file extension are related to the Microsoft Mail message view data.

main-file-extension
main-file-description FileMaker dictionary data
main-file-description A main file extension is related to the FileMaker, a relational database management program. A .main file contains dictionary data.

maj-file-extension
maj-file-description CAMduct job
maj-file-description Files with maj file extension can be found as job files from Autodesk CAMduct software.

mak-file-extension
mak-file-description Makefile
mak-file-description Files with mak file extension are generally used for make files in several programming languages, including C++.

make-file-extension
make-file-description Makefile
make-file-description A make file extension is related to the Makefile, which is used by compilers and development tools.

makefile-file-extension
makefile-file-description Makefile
makefile-file-description Files with makefile file extension are related to the Makefiles. A makefile stores instructions for a specific programming project.

maker-file-extension
maker-file-description Adobe Framemaker data
maker-file-description A .maker file extension is related to the Adobe Framemaker, a word processor. A .maker file contains some kind of data.

makerbot-file-extension
makerbot-file-description MakerBot print data
makerbot-file-description Files with makerbot file extension are commonly used by MakerBot software for Mac and Windows.

maki-file-extension
maki-file-description Winamp MAKI compiled script
maki-file-description A maki file extension is related to the Winamp multimedia player. A maki file stores MAKI compiled script.

mako-file-extension
mako-file-description Mako tamplate
mako-file-description Files with mako file extension can be found as Mako templates.

mal-file-extension
mal-file-description MadAppLauncher settings
mal-file-description An mal file extension is associated with the MadAppLauncher, an application launcher for Windows. An mal file stores settings.

mam-file-extension
mam-file-description Microsoft Access macro shortcut
mam-file-description An mam file extension is related to the Microsoft Access a database management tool for Microsoft Windows. An mam file stores macro shortcut.

maml-file-extension
maml-file-description Microsoft Assistance Markup Language
maml-file-description A maml file extension is related to Microsoft Assistance Markup Language.

man-file-extension
man-file-description Microsoft Windows 2000/XP mandatory user profile
man-file-description Files with man extension could be found in older Windows 2000 and XP as mandatory user profiles.

managed_manifest-file-extension
managed_manifest-file-description Silverlight manifest data
managed_manifest-file-description A managed_manifest file extension is related to the Microsoft Silverlight and used for its manifest files.

mani-file-extension
mani-file-description Mine-imator project
mani-file-description Files with mani file extension can be mainly found as projects from Mine-imator animation software.

manifest-file-extension
manifest-file-description Manifest data
manifest-file-description Files with manifest extension usually stores metadata and other specific data. Used in many programs for Windows, generic file type.

manifest-desktop-file-extension
manifest-desktop-file-description Ubuntu Desktop CD manifest file
manifest-desktop-file-description Files with manifest-desktop extension are used by Ubuntu Desktop CD. They include some installation packages.

manm-file-extension
manm-file-description Vietcong game data file
manm-file-description Detailed description

manu-file-extension
manu-file-description LOTUS Manuscript document
manu-file-description A manu file extension is related to the Lotus Manuscript word processor. A manu file contains document.

mao-file-extension
mao-file-description Dragon Age Origins MAO XML data
mao-file-description A mao file extension is related to the Dragon Age Origins computer game. A mao file stores MAO XML data.

mapimail-file-extension
mapimail-file-description Windows Send To Mail Recipient data
mapimail-file-description A mapimail file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 7 operating system. A mapimail file contains shortcut Send To → Mail Recipient option.

mapisend-file-extension
mapisend-file-description Unknown file extension
mapisend-file-description Files with mapisend file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

maplet-file-extension
maplet-file-description Maple 12 maplet
maplet-file-description A maplet file extension is related to the Maple 12 maplet files.

maplib-file-extension
maplib-file-description Mscape map
maplib-file-description A maplib file extension is related to the Mscape program from HP. A maplib file contains map.

mapsdata-file-extension
mapsdata-file-description Apple iOS map data
mapsdata-file-description A mapsdata file extension is associated with the Apple Maps service integrated in iOS operating system and used for its data files.

mapx-file-extension
mapx-file-description Mapjects GRYD webserver data
mapx-file-description A mapx file suffix is related to the Mapjects GRYD webserver data format.

maq-file-extension
maq-file-description Microsoft Access query shortcut
maq-file-description A maq file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a relational database management system. A maq file stores query shortcut.

mar-file-extension
mar-file-description Microsoft Access report shortcut
mar-file-description A mar file extension is related to the Microsoft Access a relational database management software. A mar file stores report shortcut.

marc-file-extension
marc-file-description MAchine-Readable Cataloging (MARC) document file
marc-file-description A .marc file extension is related to the MarcEdit editing software. A marc file contains document in MAchine-Readable Cataloging (MARC) format.

markdn-file-extension
markdn-file-description Markdown markup language document
markdn-file-description An markdn file extension is related to the Markdown markup language that allows users to create easy-to-read, easy-to-write plain text documents.

markdown-file-extension
markdown-file-description Markdown markup language source code
markdown-file-description Files with markdown file extension can sometimes be found as documents or source codes written in the Markdown markup language.

marker-file-extension
marker-file-description Microsoft Windows 10 system data
marker-file-description Files with .marker file extension can be found as some kind of system data for Microsoft Windows 10 operating system.

mars-file-extension
mars-file-description Adobe Mars data
mars-file-description A .mars file extension is related to Adobe Mars, a technology that provides an Extensible Markup Language (XML)-based representation of Portable Document Format (PDF) documents.

marshal-file-extension
marshal-file-description Marshal Editor data migration model
marshal-file-description Files with marshal file extension are associated with the Marshal Editor data migration model format.

mart-file-extension
mart-file-description Martview e-book data
mart-file-description Files with mart file extension can be found as digital magazines or e-books from Martview.

mas-file-extension
mas-file-description Microsoft Access stored procedures data
mas-file-description A mas file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a database management software. A mas file stores procedure data.

mash-file-extension
mash-file-description Java mash data
mash-file-description A .mash file extension is related to the Java, a programming language and run-time environment. A .mash file contains data.

mask-file-extension
mask-file-description Cygwin bitmap image
mask-file-description A mask file extension is related to the Cygwin bitmap image format.

mass-file-extension
mass-file-description MASS-11 text document file
mass-file-description Files with mass extension are associated with an old text format used by MASS-11.

masseffectprofile-file-extension
masseffectprofile-file-description Mass Effect user profile
masseffectprofile-file-description A masseffectprofile file extension is related to the Mass Effect video game. A masseffectprofile file contains user profile.

masseffectsave-file-extension
masseffectsave-file-description Mass Effect saved game
masseffectsave-file-description A masseffectsave file extension is used by Mass Effect and it contains saved games.

master-file-extension
master-file-description ASP.NET master page file
master-file-description A master file extension is related to ASP.NET applications and websites developed and running on ASP.NET platform.

mat-file-extension
mat-file-description Microsoft Access table shortcut
mat-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe MAT file extension!

match-rdb-file-extension
match-rdb-file-description RDB data
match-rdb-file-description A match-rdb file extension is related to the Sequence Alignment and Modeling system.

material-file-extension
material-file-description Rigs of Rods texture reference
material-file-description A material file extension is related to the Rigs of Rods and used for its texture reference files.

math-file-extension
math-file-description AnalyticMath data
math-file-description A .math file extension is related to the AnalyticMath and used for its data files.

mathml-file-extension
mathml-file-description Mathematical Markup Language document
mathml-file-description A .mathml file extension is related to the Mathematical Markup Language.

matlab-file-extension
matlab-file-description Matlab script
matlab-file-description Files with matlab suffix are most often scripts or sources written in Matlab programming language.

mato-file-extension
mato-file-description Atomic Combat saved game file
mato-file-description The mato file extension is related to the Atomic Combat and used for its saved game data.

matproj-file-extension
matproj-file-description Dragon Age Origins material data
matproj-file-description A matproj file extension is related to the Dragon Age Origins and used for its material files.

matroska-file-extension
matroska-file-description MPG and MKV Player data
matroska-file-description A matroska file extension is related to the MPG and MKV Player software.

matte-file-extension
matte-file-description GIMP data
matte-file-description A matte file extension is associated with the GIMP software.

matx-file-extension
matx-file-description XWE data
matx-file-description A matx file extension is related to the XWE software tool for Microsoft Windows.

mau-file-extension
mau-file-description Media Attachment Unit data
mau-file-description An mau file extension is related to the Media Attachment Unit file format.

maud-file-extension
maud-file-description Amiga MAUD sound
maud-file-description An maud file extension is related to the MAUD audio format used by Amiga computers.

mav-file-extension
mav-file-description Microsoft Access view data
mav-file-description A file extension mav is related to the Microsoft Access, a database management software. An mav file stores subset of data that should be returned from a specific query or Access descriptor.

maw-file-extension
maw-file-description Microsoft Access data access page
maw-file-description A maw file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a database management system. A maw file stores data access page.

maxc-file-extension
maxc-file-description 3D Studio Max container format
maxc-file-description Files with maxc extension are used by the 3D Studio Max progra developed by Autodesk.

maxd-file-extension
maxd-file-description PaperPort annotation file
maxd-file-description Detailed description

maxfr-file-extension
maxfr-file-description MaxView web pointer data
maxfr-file-description Files with maxfr file extension are used for MaxView program. They include web pointers in text format.

maxm-file-extension
maxm-file-description Paperport file
maxm-file-description Detailed description

maxsyncconfig-file-extension
maxsyncconfig-file-description Maxtor Manager settings
maxsyncconfig-file-description A maxsyncconfig file extension is related to the Maxtor Manager and used for its settings files.

maya-file-extension
maya-file-description HiddenTear (variant) ransomware affected file
maya-file-description Files with maya extension may be found as files that were encrypted and renamed by a variant of HiddenTear ransomware.

mayhem-file-extension
mayhem-file-description Mayhem data
mayhem-file-description A mayhem file extension is related to the Mayhem software from Outercurve.

maz-file-extension
maz-file-description Microsoft Windows Hover! maze data
maz-file-description A maz file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows Hover! game.

ma_-file-extension
ma_-file-description Unknown file extension
ma_-file-description Files with ma_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mb-file-extension
mb-file-description Autodesk Maya binary scene
mb-file-description Files with mb extension can be found as binary scene from Autodesk Maya binary scene files. Such mb file contains 3D models, animations, lightning settings and textures in the Maya 3D binary file format.

mb1-file-extension
mb1-file-description Monster Bash game data file
mb1-file-description Files with mb1 extension are used by the Monster Bash computer game as a game file format.

mb2-file-extension
mb2-file-description McMyAdmin backup archive
mb2-file-description An mb2 file extension is related to the McMyAdmin and used for its backup archives.

mb3-file-extension
mb3-file-description Minimal Board Editor (MBE) design
mb3-file-description Files with mb3 file extension are related to the Minimal Board Editor (MBE) design format.

mb4-file-extension
mb4-file-description Model Builder model design file
mb4-file-description Files with mb4 suffix can be usually found as model designs from Model Builder by Evan Designs.

mba-file-extension
mba-file-description Martus Human Rights Bulletin System data
mba-file-description An mba file extension is related to the Martus - Human Rights Bulletin System data format.

mbac-file-extension
mbac-file-description MascotCapsule resource data
mbac-file-description An mbac file extension is related to the MascotCapsule resource data format.

mbak-file-extension
mbak-file-description Quantrix Modeler backup
mbak-file-description Files with mbak extension can be most often found as backup files from Quantrix Modeler.

mbam-file-extension
mbam-file-description Malwarebytes Anti-Malware script
mbam-file-description An mbam file extension is related to the Malwarebytes Anti-Malware and used for its script files.

mbas-file-extension
mbas-file-description mikroBasic source code
mbas-file-description An mbas file extension is related to the mikroBasic and used for its source code files.

mbb-file-extension
mbb-file-description ManaBook data
mbb-file-description An mbb file extension is related to the Manabook and used for its data files.

mbbk-file-extension
mbbk-file-description ManaBook book kit file
mbbk-file-description The mbbk file extension is associated with the ManaBook and used for its book kit files.

mbc-file-extension
mbc-file-description Mulberry e-mail client cache
mbc-file-description A file extension mbc is related to the Mulberry, an e-mail client for Windows, macOS, Linux. An mbc file contains cache.

mbd-file-extension
mbd-file-description Multimedia Builder MP3 project
mbd-file-description An mbd file extension is related to Multimedia Builder and used for its MP3 authoring files.

mbdb-file-extension
mbdb-file-description Apple iOS backup manifest file
mbdb-file-description An mbdb file extension is related to the Apple iOS operating system for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. An mbdb file stores backup manifest data.

mbdx-file-extension
mbdx-file-description Apple iOS backup manifest
mbdx-file-description An mbdx file extension is related to the Apple iOS operating system and Apple iTunes. An mbdx file stores backup manifest.

mbe-file-extension
mbe-file-description MVP Baseball 2005 game data
mbe-file-description An mbe file extension is related to the MVP Baseball 2005 video game. An mbe file contains game data.

mbf-file-extension
mbf-file-description Microsoft Money backup
mbf-file-description An mbf file extension is related to the Microsoft Money, a finance management software. An mbf file stores backup.

mbfavs-file-extension
mbfavs-file-description Stardent AVS X bitmap image
mbfavs-file-description An mbfavs file extension is associated with the Stardent AVS X bitmap image format.

mbfs-file-extension
mbfs-file-description Stardent AVS X bitmap image file
mbfs-file-description Detailed description

mbfx-file-extension
mbfx-file-description AVS X image
mbfx-file-description Files with mbfx file extension can be found as old AVS X images.

mbg-file-extension
mbg-file-description Mailbag Assistant e-mail archive file
mbg-file-description Files with mbg extension are used by the Mailbag Asistant program. They contain saved e-mail archive.

mbi-file-extension
mbi-file-description MagicISO multi-bootable information
mbi-file-description An mbi file extension is related to the MagicISO, a multi-bootable information file format.

mbj-file-extension
mbj-file-description EffectGear data
mbj-file-description An mbj file extension is related to the Yamaha SoundEdge sound card. An mbj file stores EffectGear data.

mbk-file-extension
mbk-file-description dBASE IV multiple index file backup
mbk-file-description Files with mbk file extension can be mostly found as multiple index file backup files from dBASE IV database engine.

mbkp-file-extension
mbkp-file-description Memeo Instant Backup backup archive
mbkp-file-description An mbkp file extension is related to the Memeo Instant Backup, a backup suite for Windows. An mbkp file contains backup archive.

mbl-file-extension
mbl-file-description Logger Pro experiment data file
mbl-file-description Files with mbl extension are used by Logger Pro software. They contain some various data for experiment projects.

mbm-file-extension
mbm-file-description EPOC multi-bitmap picture
mbm-file-description An mbm file extension is related to the EPOC an operating system and framework developed by Psion. An mbm file contains multi-bitmap image.

mbn-file-extension
mbn-file-description Sony Ericsson mainware
mbn-file-description Files with mbn extension could be in the past found as main firmware files for some older Sony Ericsson mobile phones.

mbox-file-extension
mbox-file-description Mail mailbox
mbox-file-description Files with mbox extension can be found as saved email mailboxes, mainly from programs on Linux or Unix platform as well as OS X (macOS).

mbp-file-extension
mbp-file-description Mobipocket eBook auxiliary data
mbp-file-description Files with mbp file extension can be mostly found as auxiliary data files for Mobipocket eBooks.

mbp1-file-extension
mbp1-file-description Kindle Touch annotation data
mbp1-file-description Files with mbp1 extension can be found as highlights and annotations from Amazon Kindle Touch e-book reader.

mbpkg-file-extension
mbpkg-file-description Mobipocket data
mbpkg-file-description An mbpkg file extension is related to the Mobipocket software.

mbpv2-file-extension
mbpv2-file-description Amazon Kindle data
mbpv2-file-description Files with mbpv2 extension are related to the Amazon Kindle and used for its data files.

mbr-file-extension
mbr-file-description Zune smooth streaming
mbr-file-description Files with mbr file extension seems to be mostly encountered as old files for Zune software. Some kind of meta data links for video streaming format.

mbs-file-extension
mbs-file-description Opera mailbox
mbs-file-description Files with mbs file extension can be typically encountered as e-mail mailboxes from e-mail client included in the Opera web browser.

mbsa-file-extension
mbsa-file-description Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer scan report
mbsa-file-description An mbsa file extension is related to the Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer software. An mbsa file contains scan report.

mbsb-file-extension
mbsb-file-description Mamut Business Software company database backup
mbsb-file-description A mbsmb file extension is related to the Mamut Business Software company database backup format.

mbsyncstate-file-extension
mbsyncstate-file-description mbsync folder backup
mbsyncstate-file-description Files with mbsyncstate file extension can be found as some sort of mailbox folder backup files from mbsync program for Linux.

mbt-file-extension
mbt-file-description Metabot Metatag options data
mbt-file-description An mbt file extension is related to the Metabot, a metatag testing tool from Teranet Software. An mbt file stores options settings.

mbtemmplate-file-extension
mbtemmplate-file-description ModelBaker custom template directory
mbtemmplate-file-description An mbtemmplate file extension is related to the ModelBaker and used for its template files.

mbu-file-extension
mbu-file-description Sony CAV-M1000ES memory backup
mbu-file-description An mbu file extension is related to the Sony CAV-M1000ES multi zone receiver. An mbu file stores memory backup.

mbv-file-extension
mbv-file-description JVC Everio MediaBrowser movie
mbv-file-description Files with mbv file extension can be usually found as video captured by JVC digital camcoders. Playable using Everio MediaBrowser.

mbw-file-extension
mbw-file-description MySQL Workbench data
mbw-file-description An mbw file extension is related to the MySQL Workbench a visual program for database architects. An mbw file stores data from MySQL Workbench.

mbx-file-extension
mbx-file-description E-mail mailbox
mbx-file-description An mbx file extension is related to the E-mail mailbox file format used by various e-mail clients.

mbxml-file-extension
mbxml-file-description meBible XML data
mbxml-file-description An mbxml file extension is related to the meBible a Bible studying software for iPad. An mbxml file stores data in XML format.

mbz5-file-extension
mbz5-file-description Micros encrypted password database
mbz5-file-description Files with mbz5 file extension can be found as encrypted databases from some Micros software.

mb_-file-extension
mb_-file-description Unknown file extension
mb_-file-description Files with mb_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mc-file-extension
mc-file-description Modula-3 M3CG intermediate language data
mc-file-description Files with mc extension are related to Modula-3 a programming language designed by Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC).

mc%24-file-extension
mc%24-file-description Magic Xchange package (Magic Cap file archive)
mc%24-file-description An mc$ file extension is related to the Magic Cap operating system. An mc$ file stores archive.

mc1-file-extension
mc1-file-description MedCalc data file
mc1-file-description Files with mc1 extension can be typically found as data files for MedCalc biomedical statistics software.

mc19mime-file-extension
mc19mime-file-description JRiver Media Center data
mc19mime-file-description An mc19mime file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center files.

mc2-file-extension
mc2-file-description MasterCook cookbook recipe text data
mc2-file-description Files with mc2 extension are cookbook recipe texts for Sierra MasterCook program.

mc3-file-extension
mc3-file-description Bridge Design Modeler 3D match-casting geometry control
mc3-file-description Files with mc3 suffix are match-casting geometry control files from BD3 bridge modeling tools. Seems outdated.

mc4d-file-extension
mc4d-file-description Cinema4D 3D graphics
mc4d-file-description An mc4d file extension is related to the Cinema4D for Microsoft Windows and Apple Mac. An mc4d file contains graphics.

mc5-file-extension
mc5-file-description Poser 5 material data
mc5-file-description An mc5 file extension is related to the Poser an animation software. An .mc5 file stores material data.

mc6-file-extension
mc6-file-description Poser 6 material
mc6-file-description An mc6 file extension is related to Poser a 3D figure design and animation software. An mc6 file stores material design.

mc8-file-extension
mc8-file-description Mastercam V8 file
mc8-file-description Files with mc8 extension are used for Mastercam. They include CAD files.

mc9-file-extension
mc9-file-description Mastercam V9 CAD document
mc9-file-description Files with mc9 file extension can be most often encountered as CAD files from Mastercam software.

mca-file-extension
mca-file-description Minecraft Anvil file
mca-file-description Files with mca suffix are maps created in Minecraft Anvil editor. MCA is the default format for Anvil maps.

mcacc-file-extension
mcacc-file-description MCACC measurement data file
mcacc-file-description Files with mcacc file extension can be found as measurement data files saved in the Advanced MCACC PC Display Application Software for Pioneer audio/video multi-channel receiver devices.

mcat-file-extension
mcat-file-description Meerecat File Guard encrypted data
mcat-file-description Files with mcat file extension are used by Meerecat File Guard. It stores some encrypted data.

mcb-file-extension
mcb-file-description NEPLAN project
mcb-file-description Files with mcb suffix are usually encountered as projects made and saved using NEPLAN planing and optimization tool.

mcbn-file-extension
mcbn-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac Chart file
mcbn-file-description Detailed description

mcc-file-extension
mcc-file-description CAD drawing
mcc-file-description Files with mcc file extension can be usually encountered as CAD files made and saved using using VectorWorks and other.

mccl-file-extension
mccl-file-description Emailer connection file
mccl-file-description The *.mccl file extension is related to the Emailer software and used for its connection files.

mcd-file-extension
mcd-file-description VectorWorks drawing
mcd-file-description Files with mcd extension can be mainly found as technical drawings from the VectorWorks CAD/BIM software.

mcdb-file-extension
mcdb-file-description Adobe media cache database file
mcdb-file-description The .mcdb file extension is related to the Adobe Premiere Pro and used for its media cache databases.

mcdx-file-extension
mcdx-file-description Mathcad Prime document
mcdx-file-description Files with mcdx file extension can be found as documents created and saved using the MathCad engineering calculation software.

mce-file-extension
mce-file-description Sony CAV-M1000ES common source infrared command file
mce-file-description Files with mce extension can be mainly found as some sort of source infrared command files for Sony CAV-M1000ES.

mcf-file-extension
mcf-file-description Mathcad font
mcf-file-description Files with mcf file extension can be often found as fonts from Mathcad program by PTC.

mcfi-file-extension
mcfi-file-description Autodesk Maya initial fluid cache
mcfi-file-description An mcfi file extension is related to the Autodesk Maya, a 3D modeling software and used for its initial fluid cache files.

mcfp-file-extension
mcfp-file-description Autodesk Maya fluid cache playback
mcfp-file-description An mcfp file extension is related to the Autodesk Maya a 3D modeling software. An mcfp file stores fluid cache playback data.

mcg-file-extension
mcg-file-description DX-client backup
mcg-file-description Files with mcg file extension can be found as backup files from DX-client– HDD viewer software.

mcgame-file-extension
mcgame-file-description Minecraft backup
mcgame-file-description An mcgame file extension is related to the Minecraft video game. An mcgame file contains backup of game data.

mch-file-extension
mch-file-description Macromedia Xtra cache
mch-file-description Files with mch file extension are related to older programs sold by Macromedia (now owned by Adobe). These are cache files for temporary purposes.

mci-file-extension
mci-file-description Media Control Interface command script
mci-file-description Files with mci extension are used for Microsoft Windows OS. They are used as system files.

mck-file-extension
mck-file-description Macro Keys encrypted macro
mck-file-description An mck file extension is related to the Macro Keys software and used encrypted macro data.

mcl-file-extension
mcl-file-description Microsoft Media Center application shortcut
mcl-file-description Files with mcl extension can be found as application shortcuts for Microsoft Media Center application that was a part of some distributions of Microsoft Windows operating system.

mclevel-file-extension
mclevel-file-description Minecraft map
mclevel-file-description Files with mclevel file extension are related to the old version of Minecraft 3D action video game for various platforms. An mclevel file contains game map.

mcm-file-extension
mcm-file-description MacMolecule data
mcm-file-description An mcm file extension is related to the MacMolecule software.

mcmac-file-extension
mcmac-file-description MacGourmet MasterCook document file
mcmac-file-description The .mcmac file extension is related to the MacGourmet MasterCook document file format.

mcmeta-file-extension
mcmeta-file-description Minecraft animation settings
mcmeta-file-description Files with mcmeta extension can be usually found as animation settings data for Minecraft computer game.

mcml-file-extension
mcml-file-description Microsoft Windows Media Center MCML data
mcml-file-description An mcml file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Media Center and used for its MCML data files.

mco-file-extension
mco-file-description MSN Messenger wink
mco-file-description Files with mco file extension can be found as winks - animated emoticons for Microsoft Live Messenger.

mcp-file-extension
mcp-file-description MSN Content Plus installer file archive
mcp-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe MCP file extension!

mcpat-file-extension
mcpat-file-description myriaCross Editor design
mcpat-file-description An mcpat file extension is associated with the myriaCross Editor design file format.

mcpp-file-extension
mcpp-file-description ATARI Paradox picture image
mcpp-file-description Files with mcpp file extension are commonly used by ATARI Paradox picture image format.

mcq-file-extension
mcq-file-description McAfee quarantined data
mcq-file-description An mcq file extension is related to the McAfee quarantined data format.

mcr-file-extension
mcr-file-description Bricscad macro file
mcr-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe MCR file extension!

mcrp-file-extension
mcrp-file-description MobyExplorer encrypted data
mcrp-file-description An mcrp file extension is related to the MobyExplorer app. An mcrp file stores encrypted data.

mcs-file-extension
mcs-file-description MathCAD raster picture
mcs-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe MCS file extension!

mcserver-file-extension
mcserver-file-description Minecraft MCServer server configuration
mcserver-file-description An mcserver file extension is related to the MCServer and used for its server files.

mcsp-file-extension
mcsp-file-description My Craft Studio project file
mcsp-file-description Files with mcsp extension are used by the My Craft Studio.

mcsv-file-extension
mcsv-file-description TouchGraph Navigator MCSV data
mcsv-file-description An mcsv file extension is related to the TouchGraph Navigator and used for its MCSV data files.

mcsx-file-extension
mcsx-file-description My Craft Studio project
mcsx-file-description An mcsx file extension is related to the My Craft Studio application. An mcsx file stores project.

mct-file-extension
mct-file-description MSN Messenger packaged wink file
mct-file-description Files with mct extension can be also found as old wink packages (animated emoticons) for some earlier version of MSN Messenger instant messaging system from Microsoft.

mcu-file-extension
mcu-file-description Nokia DCT4 MCU firmware flash
mcu-file-description An mcu file extension is related to the Nokia DCT4 MCU flash file format.

mcusw-file-extension
mcusw-file-description Nokia mobile phones with Symbian firmware data
mcusw-file-description Files with mcusw extension are firmware updates for some Symbian based Nokia mobile phones.

mcv-file-extension
mcv-file-description Mac Video file
mcv-file-description An mcv file extension is related to the Mac Video file format. Seems to be obsolete.

mcw-file-extension
mcw-file-description MPLAB IDE workspace
mcw-file-description An mcw file extension is related to the MPLAB IDE an integrated development tool. An mcw file contains workspace data.

mcworld-file-extension
mcworld-file-description Minecraft world backup
mcworld-file-description Files with mcworld file extension are commonly found as part of the Minecraft sandbox game. Used for world backup data.

mcx-file-extension
mcx-file-description Mastercam X and X2 file format
mcx-file-description Files with mcx file extension are in most cases CAD models from Mastercam, a CAD/CAM application. Version X and X2.

mcx-3-file-extension
mcx-3-file-description Mastercam X3 3D model
mcx-3-file-description An mcx-3 file extension is used by Mastercam X3 3D model file format.

mcx-4-file-extension
mcx-4-file-description Mastercam X4 3D model
mcx-4-file-description An mcx-4 file extension is related to the Mastercam X4 3D model file format.

mcx-5-file-extension
mcx-5-file-description Mastercam X5 3D model
mcx-5-file-description Files with mcx-5 file extension are commonly used by Mastercam X5, CAD and CAM solution.

mcx-6-file-extension
mcx-6-file-description Mastercam X6 3D model
mcx-6-file-description An mcx-6 file extension is related to the Mastercam X6 3D model file format.

mcx-7-file-extension
mcx-7-file-description Mastercam X7 3D model
mcx-7-file-description Files with mcx-7 file extension are used by Mastercam X7 for its 3D models.

mcx-8-file-extension
mcx-8-file-description Mastercam X8 3D model
mcx-8-file-description Files with mcx-8 file extension are associated with the Mastercam X8 3D model format.

mcx-9-file-extension
mcx-9-file-description Mastercam X9 3D model
mcx-9-file-description Files with mcx-9 extension are commonly used by Mastercam X9 CAD and CAM program.

mcxml-file-extension
mcxml-file-description Microsoft Office 2013 XML settings
mcxml-file-description An mcxml file extension is related to the Microsoft Office 2013 suite. An mcxml file stores settings.

mcz-file-extension
mcz-file-description Poser compressed material data
mcz-file-description An mcz file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D figure modeling and animation program. An mcz file contains compressed material data.

md0-file-extension
md0-file-description Adobe Photoshop file browser metadata cache
md0-file-description An md0 file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop and used for its file browser metadata cache.

md03-file-extension
md03-file-description Adobe Director file
md03-file-description Detailed description

md1-file-extension
md1-file-description GEAR CD suite CD image file
md1-file-description Files with md1 extension are used by GEAR CD containing disk image data.

md2-file-extension
md2-file-description Quake 2 model
md2-file-description An md2 file extension is related to the Quake 2, a first person shooter game based on id Tech 2 engine. An md2 file contains 3D model.

md2p-file-extension
md2p-file-description MessengerDiscovery data
md2p-file-description An md2p file extension is related to the MessengerDiscovery and used for its data files.

md2s-file-extension
md2s-file-description MessengerDiscovery file
md2s-file-description Detailed description

md3-file-extension
md3-file-description Quake 3 model file
md3-file-description Files with md3 extension are used for the Quake III Arena multiplayer-focused computer game. They include model data files.

md4-file-extension
md4-file-description Quake 3 MD4 skeletal model format
md4-file-description An md4 file extension is related to the Quake 3 Arena MD4 skeletal model format.

md5.txt-file-extension
md5.txt-file-description Tiny Core Linux hash
md5.txt-file-description An md5.txt file extension is related to the Tiny Core Linux and used for its hash files.

md5anim-file-extension
md5anim-file-description Doom 3 ID Tech 4 game engine model animation
md5anim-file-description An md5anim file extension is related to the ID Tech 4 video game engine, used by Doom 3 computer game. An md5anim file contains model animation.

md5camera-file-extension
md5camera-file-description Doom 3 ID Tech 4 game engine model camera data
md5camera-file-description An md5camera file extension is related to the id Tech 4 game engine. An md5camera file stores camera 3D data.

md5mesh-file-extension
md5mesh-file-description Doom 3 ID Tech 4 game engine 3D mesh file
md5mesh-file-description Files with md5mesh extension are used by id Software company's game engine.

md5sum-file-extension
md5sum-file-description md5sum data
md5sum-file-description An md5sum file extension is related to the md5sum software.

md6anim-file-extension
md6anim-file-description id Tech 6 animation data
md6anim-file-description An md6anim file extension is related to the id Tech 6 video gaming engine. An md6anim file contains animation.

md6mesh-file-extension
md6mesh-file-description id Tech 6 mesh
md6mesh-file-description An md6mesh file extension is related to the Doom (Doom 4 or Doom 2016) and used for its mesh files.

md8-file-extension
md8-file-description GarageCUBE Modul8 project
md8-file-description An md8 file extension is related to the Modul8 program. An md8 file contains project from Modul8.

md93-file-extension
md93-file-description Macromedia Director 4 file
md93-file-description Detailed description

md95-file-extension
md95-file-description Macromedia Director 5 for Mac data
md95-file-description An md95 file extension is related to the Macromedia Director version 5. An md95 file contains data.

mda-file-extension
mda-file-description Microsoft Access add-in
mda-file-description Files with mda file extension can be usually found as add-ins for Microsoft Access database management, part of Microsoft Office.

mdat-file-extension
mdat-file-description REW measurement data
mdat-file-description Files with mdat file extension are in most cases measurement files generated using REW acoustic analysis software.

mda_aq-file-extension
mda_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
mda_aq-file-description Files with mda_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mdbhtml-file-extension
mdbhtml-file-description Microsoft Office Access HTML document
mdbhtml-file-description An mdbhtml file extension is related to the Microsoft Access and used for its HTML document files.

mdbx-file-extension
mdbx-file-description Microsoft Access based database
mdbx-file-description An mdbx file extension is related to database file format similar to Jet Database Format used by Microsoft Access.

mdb_aq-file-extension
mdb_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
mdb_aq-file-description Files with mdb_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mdc-file-extension
mdc-file-description Minolta RD175 image
mdc-file-description Files with mdc extension can be found as digital images recorded using some Minolta digital cameras.

mdccache-file-extension
mdccache-file-description Microsoft Document Connection cache file
mdccache-file-description The mdccache file extension is related to the Microsoft Document Connection cache files.

mdcs-file-extension
mdcs-file-description MATlab saved session
mdcs-file-description An mdcs file extension is related to the MATlab software and programming language. An mdcs file stores saved session.

mdd-file-extension
mdd-file-description Database Designer for MySQL database diagram
mdd-file-description An mdd file extension is associated with the Database Designer for MySQL and used for its database diagram files.

mddata-file-extension
mddata-file-description Apple iPhone backup data
mddata-file-description Files with mddata file extension may be encountered as ikd  backups of iOS devices created in some legacy versions of Apple iTunes.

mde-file-extension
mde-file-description Microsoft Access compiled database (application)
mde-file-description An mde file extension is used for compiled database (application) files associated with the Microsoft Access. An mde file stores application compiled from mdb Access database file.

mdef-file-extension
mdef-file-description ANSYS Workbench data
mdef-file-description An mdef file extension is associated with the ANSYS Workbench and used for its data files.

mdes-file-extension
mdes-file-description Trimaran machine description
mdes-file-description An mdes file extension is related to the Trimaran software for Linux. An mdes file stores machine description.

mdex-file-extension
mdex-file-description Mifos Data Exchange XML data
mdex-file-description An mdex file extension is related to the Mifos Data Exchange XML data format.

mde_aq-file-extension
mde_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
mde_aq-file-description Files with mde_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mdg-file-extension
mdg-file-description Enterprise Architect data
mdg-file-description An mdg file extension is related to the Enterprise Architect and used for its data files.

mdh-file-extension
mdh-file-description Madhyam document
mdh-file-description A file extension mdh is related to the Madhyam, Hindi text editing tool. An mdh file contains document.

mdhtml-file-extension
mdhtml-file-description Microsoft Access HTML file
mdhtml-file-description Detailed description

mdimporter-file-extension
mdimporter-file-description Spotlight importer setting file
mdimporter-file-description Files with mdimporter extension are used by Spotlight importer for Apple Mac OS X. They contain information about file type settings.

mdinfo-file-extension
mdinfo-file-description Apple iPhone info data
mdinfo-file-description An mdinfo file extension is related to the Apple iTunes. An mdinfo file stores data related to the iPhone backup.

mdj-file-extension
mdj-file-description StarUML model
mdj-file-description Files with mdj extension can be usually found as model files from StarUML software modeling and diagramming tool.

mdk-file-extension
mdk-file-description Madoko document
mdk-file-description An mdk file extension is related to the Modoko a fast markdown processor for writing professional articles. An mdk files store documents.

mdl-file-extension
mdl-file-description 3D GameStudio model entity
mdl-file-description There are 22 other file types  usingthe MDL file extension!

mdl0-file-extension
mdl0-file-description Wii game model
mdl0-file-description An mdl0 file extension is related to various video games for Nintendo Wii video gaming consoles. An mdl0 file contains game models.

mdle-file-extension
mdle-file-description Motion Description Language Extended data
mdle-file-description An mdle file extension is related to the Motion Description Language Extended data format.

mdlp-file-extension
mdlp-file-description Simulink protected model
mdlp-file-description An mdlp file extension is related to the Simulink protected model file format.

mdm-file-extension
mdm-file-description Telix modem definition data
mdm-file-description An mdm file extension is related to the Telix, a telecommunication program for DOS. An mdm file contains modem definition.

mdml-file-extension
mdml-file-description Markdown markup language
mdml-file-description Files with mdml extension are known as Markdown lightweigh markup language files.

mdmp-file-extension
mdmp-file-description Microsoft Windows minidump
mdmp-file-description Files with mdmp file extension can be usually found as so called minidump files generated by Windows apps or software. These are used for diagnostic of program errors and failures.

mdn-file-extension
mdn-file-description Microsoft Access blank database template file
mdn-file-description Files with mdn extension are used for Microsoft Access. They include database data.

mdo-file-extension
mdo-file-description Alcohol 120% split image
mdo-file-description An mdo file extension is related to the Alcohol 120% an optical disks authoring tool. An mdo file contains part of split image.

mdoc-file-extension
mdoc-file-description Visual Studio Code data
mdoc-file-description Files with mdoc file extension are related to the Visual Studio Code data format.

mdos-file-extension
mdos-file-description MacDOS file
mdos-file-description There is  one other file type  usingthe MDOS file extension!

mdown-file-extension
mdown-file-description Markdown markup language source code
mdown-file-description Files with mdown file extension can be found as scripts written in the Markdown markup language. Editable in any text editor.

mdp-file-extension
mdp-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ Visual J++ MAK workspace (old project workspace)
mdp-file-description An mdp file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++ and used for its project workspace files.

mdpd-file-extension
mdpd-file-description Trajexia Tools parameters
mdpd-file-description An mdpd file extension is related to the Trajexia Tools program. An mdpd file stores parameters.

mdpf-file-extension
mdpf-file-description Mac modem preferences
mdpf-file-description An mdpf file extension is related to the Mac OS X operating system. An mdpf file stores modem preferences.

mdpl-file-extension
mdpl-file-description MacDraw II data
mdpl-file-description An mdpl file extension is related to the MacDraw II a vector drawing software.

mdr-file-extension
mdr-file-description ZX Spectrum microdrive emulator data
mdr-file-description An mdr file extension is associated with emulators of ZX Spectrum 8-bit computers. An mdr file stores data image recorded from ZX Spectrum MicroDrive disk.

mdrc-file-extension
mdrc-file-description MADRIX DMX remote configuration data
mdrc-file-description An mdrc file extension is related to the MADRIX program. An mdrc file contains remote configuration data.

mdrw-file-extension
mdrw-file-description MacDraw data
mdrw-file-description An mdrw file extension is associated with the MacDraw, a vector graphic software. An mdrw file contains data.

mdsp-file-extension
mdsp-file-description MinGW Developer Studio project
mdsp-file-description An mdsp file extension is associated with the MinGW, a development tool. An mdsp file stores programming project.

mdsx-file-extension
mdsx-file-description MEGA saved session
mdsx-file-description Files with mdsx file extension are used by Molecular Evolutionary Genetics Analysis (MEGA) software.

mdt-file-extension
mdt-file-description Microsoft Access database template
mdt-file-description Files with mdt extension can be found as older templates for some of the earlier version of Microsoft Access, prior version 2007.

mdtext-file-extension
mdtext-file-description Markdown markup language source code
mdtext-file-description An mdtext file extension is related to the Markdown markup language file format.

mdtxt-file-extension
mdtxt-file-description Markdown markup language source code
mdtxt-file-description An mdtxt file extension is related to the Markdown markup language file format.

mdu-file-extension
mdu-file-description D-Flow FM model data
mdu-file-description Files with mdu extension are related to the D-Flow FM application. An mdu file contains model data.

mdus-file-extension
mdus-file-description MessengerDiscovery data
mdus-file-description Files with mdus file extension might be mostly found as part of MessengerDiscovery extension for Microsoft Live Messenger.

mdv-file-extension
mdv-file-description QLAY image
mdv-file-description An mdv file extension is related to the QLAY emulator of Sinclair QL computer.

mdw-file-extension
mdw-file-description Microsoft Access workgroup information
mdw-file-description Files with mdw file extension can be mostly found as secured database information files from Microsoft Access software.

mdwn-file-extension
mdwn-file-description Markdown markup language
mdwn-file-description An mdwn file extension is related to the Markdown markup language and used for its source code files.

mdy-file-extension
mdy-file-description Sprint RSS iDEN contact list file
mdy-file-description Files with mdy extension are used for the RSS program.

mdz-file-extension
mdz-file-description Microsoft Access wizard template
mdz-file-description An mdz file extension is related to the Microsoft Access, a database management system. An mdz file stores wizard template.

mdzip-file-extension
mdzip-file-description MagicDraw compressed project
mdzip-file-description Files with mdzip extension can be found as ZIP compressed MagicDraw project files.

mdz_aq-file-extension
mdz_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
mdz_aq-file-description Files with mdz_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

md_-file-extension
md_-file-description Unknown file extension
md_-file-description Files with md_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

me-file-extension
me-file-description Formatted manual page with me macros
me-file-description An me file extension is related to troff a document processing program for Unix. An me file stores manual page with ms macros.

me2headmorph-file-extension
me2headmorph-file-description Mass Effect 2 head morph file
me2headmorph-file-description Files with me2headmortph suffix can be found as part of Mass Effect 2 sci-fi RPG computer game. 3D graphics game data.

me2mod-file-extension
me2mod-file-description Mass Effect 2 game modification
me2mod-file-description A me2mod file suffix is related to the Mass Effect 2 computer game. A me2mod file contains game modification.

me3-file-extension
me3-file-description Arcsoft MultiMedia Email project
me3-file-description An me3 file extension is related to the Arcsoft MultiMedia Email. An me3 file contains project.

mea-file-extension
mea-file-description Mastersizer 2000 sample analysis data
mea-file-description A mea file extension is related to the Mastersizer 2000 and used for its sample analysis tools.

meb-file-extension
meb-file-description Corel WordPerfect Macro Editor bottom overflow
meb-file-description Files with meb file extension can be found as part of Corel WordPerfect word processor for Windows. Bottom overflow temporary file from Macro Editor.

mec-file-extension
mec-file-description Maximus MECCA source file
mec-file-description Files with mec suffix are in most cases sources for BBS forum system. Written and saved in so called MECCA language.

mech-file-extension
mech-file-description Pro/MECHANICA settings
mech-file-description A mech file extension is related to the Pro/MECHANICA software developed by PTC. A mech file stores settings.

mechdat-file-extension
mechdat-file-description ANSYS Workbench data
mechdat-file-description A mechdat file extension is related to the ANSYS Workbench, an engineering simulation program. A mechdat file stores data.

mechdb-file-extension
mechdb-file-description ANSYS Mechanical database
mechdb-file-description Files with mechdb extension are databases from ANSYS Mechanical, part of ANSYS Workbench platform.

mecontact-file-extension
mecontact-file-description Microsoft Live Messenger file
mecontact-file-description Files with mecontact extension are associated with some older version of Microsoft Live Messenger.

med-file-extension
med-file-description MEDLINE document file
med-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe MED file extension!

mediaget2-file-extension
mediaget2-file-description MediaGet data
mediaget2-file-description A mediaget2 file extension is related to the MediaGet software for Windows.

medialib-file-extension
medialib-file-description Media Manager data
medialib-file-description A medialib-bak file extension is related to the Media Manager software.

medialib-bak-file-extension
medialib-bak-file-description Media Manager data
medialib-bak-file-description A medialib-bak file extension is related to the Media Manager software.

mediawiki-file-extension
mediawiki-file-description Mediawiki source data
mediawiki-file-description Files with mediawiki file extension can be found as wiki document sources in Wiki markup language and its implementations.

mef-file-extension
mef-file-description Mamiya ZD MEF digital raw photograph
mef-file-description Files with mef file extension can be mostly found as digital photographs saved in the raw format used in Mamiya digital cameras.

meg-file-extension
meg-file-description Star Wars: Empire at War game data
meg-file-description An meg file extension is related to the Star Wars: Empire at War video game. An meg file contains game archive.

mega-file-extension
mega-file-description Megacubo metafile
mega-file-description Files with mega file extension can be found as metafiles from Megacubo application for TV streaming.

mega2-file-extension
mega2-file-description Doom texture package
mega2-file-description A mega2 file extension is related to the Doom (Doom 4) texture package format.

megamanager-file-extension
megamanager-file-description Mega Manager data
megamanager-file-description A megamanager file extension is related to the Mega Manager software for Megaupload software.

meh-file-extension
meh-file-description Adobe Acrobat language resource
meh-file-description A meh file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat language resource files.

mei-file-extension
mei-file-description Entis rasterized image format
mei-file-description A mei file extension is related to the Entis rasterized image format from Entis-soft and Leshade Entis.

mel-file-extension
mel-file-description Maya Embedded Language
mel-file-description Files with mel extension are used for Autodesk Maya software. They are used as script files that allows you to create macros etc.

mell-file-extension
mell-file-description RedleX Mellel document
mell-file-description Files with mell file extension might be found as documents made in RedleX Mellel word processor.

mellel-file-extension
mellel-file-description RedleX Mellel document
mellel-file-description A mellel file extension is related to the RedleX Mellel document file format.

mem-file-extension
mem-file-description Microsoft Visual FoxPro mem
mem-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe MEM file extension!

memb-file-extension
memb-file-description Pro/ENGINEER temporary file
memb-file-description Detailed description

membrane-file-extension
membrane-file-description Unknown file extension
membrane-file-description No further information could be found.

memx-file-extension
memx-file-description e-Sword 9.x memory verses data
memx-file-description Files with memx file extension can be found as memory verses modules from e-Sword 9.x bible study software.

men-file-extension
men-file-description MenuPro restaurant menu design file
men-file-description A men file extension is related to MenuPro restaurant menu designing software. A men file stores restaurant menu design.

menc-file-extension
menc-file-description Microsoft Windows Mobile encrypted data
menc-file-description A menc file extension is used for encrypted files on Windows Mobile devices. The purpose of these files is to lock some files only to certain device. That means, that you may be able to open menc files on your device, but not on someone else. To access the original files, you first have to turn off the encryption in your device..

menu-file-extension
menu-file-description macOS SystemUIServer MenuExtra plugin
menu-file-description A menu file extension is related to the macOS (OS X) operating system for Apple Mac computers. A .menu file stores plugin.

menudata-file-extension
menudata-file-description VMWare cache data
menudata-file-description A menudata file extension is related to VMware virtualization software. A .menudata file stores cached data.

menuskin-file-extension
menuskin-file-description ObjectBar menu skin
menuskin-file-description A menuskin file extension is related to the ObjectBar from Stardock.

meo-file-extension
meo-file-description MEO encrypted data
meo-file-description A meo file extension is related to the MEO Free Data Encryption Software. A meo file stores encrypted data.

mep-file-extension
mep-file-description Inor MePro data
mep-file-description A mep file extension is related to the Inor MePro and used for its some data files.

meps-file-extension
meps-file-description MEPS data
meps-file-description A meps file extension is associated with the MEPS and used for its data files.

mepx-file-extension
mepx-file-description Movavi Video Editor project
mepx-file-description Files with mepx file extension are associated with Movavi Video Editor for Microsoft Windows and Mac. An mepx file stores project.

meq-file-extension
meq-file-description Corel WordPerfect Macro Editor print queue file
meq-file-description Files with meq extension are used by the Corel WordPerfect program.

mer-file-extension
mer-file-description Corel WordPerfect Macro Editor resident area file
mer-file-description Files with mer suffix can be most often found as resident area data files from Corel WordPerfect Macro Editor.

mergeoptions7-file-extension
mergeoptions7-file-description Araxis Merge options
mergeoptions7-file-description Files with mergeoptions7 file suffix are associated with the Araxis Merge options data.

merry-file-extension
merry-file-description Merry X-Mas ransomware affected file
merry-file-description Files with MERRY suffix are files that have been encrypted and renamed by the Merry X-Mas ransomware.

mes-file-extension
mes-file-description A2B Player file format
mes-file-description Files with mes file extension can be found as audio files from old A2B player.

mesa-file-extension
mesa-file-description OpenGL GLUT data
mesa-file-description A mesa file extension is related to the GLUT a development tool for creating OpenGL programs. A .mesa file contains data.

mesh-file-extension
mesh-file-description 3D Graphic data
mesh-file-description Files with mesh extension can be found as 3D graphics files from various 3D modeling programs.

meshdat-file-extension
meshdat-file-description ANSYS Workbench platform data
meshdat-file-description A meshdat file extension is related to the ANSYS Workbench platform and used for its data files.

message-file-extension
message-file-description WebSTAR Directory Indexer message
message-file-description A message file extension is associated with the WebSTAR Directory Indexer. A .message file contains message.

met-file-extension
met-file-description OmniPage Pro document
met-file-description Files with met file extension can be mostly found as documents created using the OmniPage Pro software.

meta-file-extension
meta-file-description RealPlayer metafile
meta-file-description Files with meta extension can be found as metafiles for videos based on RealPlayer multimedia player.

meta4-file-extension
meta4-file-description Metalink 4.0 data
meta4-file-description Files with meta4 file extension an be found as universal download archives from programs like JDownloader and others.

metadata-file-extension
metadata-file-description Acronis True Image metadata
metadata-file-description Files with metadata extension store additional information about backup created with the True Image software from Acronis.

metadata_never_index-file-extension
metadata_never_index-file-description macOS metadata settings file
metadata_never_index-file-description Files with metadata_never_index extension can be found as one of the typical files in OS X (macOS) operating system. The purpose of this file is to prevent indexing of the folder by some programs.

metalink-file-extension
metalink-file-description Metalink 3.0 download descriptor file
metalink-file-description Files with metalink suffix are descriptor files that t describes one or more computer files available for download.

metastock-file-extension
metastock-file-description Metastock data file
metastock-file-description Files with metastock extension are used by MetaStock financial software. They include some results data.

metriclog-file-extension
metriclog-file-description Apple iOS diagnostic data
metriclog-file-description Files with metriclog extension can be found as diagnostic logs from the  iOS devices produced by Apple, such as iPhone or iPad.

meu-file-extension
meu-file-description DOS Shell menu group
meu-file-description A meu file extension is related to the DOS Shell, a file manager included in MS-DOS operating system. A meu file contains menu group.

mev-file-extension
mev-file-description TIGR MultiExperiment Viewer data format
mev-file-description A mev file extension is related to the TIGR MultiExperiment Viewer and used for its data files.

mew-file-extension
mew-file-description MultiEdit configuration data
mew-file-description A mew file extension is related to the MultiEdit, a source code editing software. A mew file stores configuration data.

mex-file-extension
mex-file-description Corel WordPerfect Macro Editor expound data
mex-file-description A mex file contains expound data used created by Macro Editor, it is included part of Corel WordPerfect.

mex4-file-extension
mex4-file-description Sun-4/SPARC dynamically linked subroutines file
mex4-file-description Detailed description

mexa64-file-extension
mexa64-file-description MATlab data
mexa64-file-description A mexa64 file extension is related to the MATlab program and used for its data files.

mexds-file-extension
mexds-file-description MATlab dynamically linked subroutines
mexds-file-description Files with MEXDS extension can generally be found as part of MATlab software.

mexhp3-file-extension
mexhp3-file-description Matlab HP9000/series 300 Dynamically linked subroutines file
mexhp3-file-description Detailed description

mexhp7-file-extension
mexhp7-file-description Matlab HP9000/series 700 Dynamically linked subroutines
mexhp7-file-description An mexhp7 file extension is related to the MathWorks Matlab and used for its HP9000/series 700 Dynamically linked subroutines.

mexn-file-extension
mexn-file-description Matlab NeXT Dynamically linked subroutines file
mexn-file-description Detailed description

mexp-file-extension
mexp-file-description MetaMorph NX experiment data
mexp-file-description Files with mexp file extension are related to the MetaMorph NX experiment data.

mexrs6-file-extension
mexrs6-file-description Matlab IBM RS/6000 Dynamically linked subroutines
mexrs6-file-description Detailed description

mexsg-file-extension
mexsg-file-description Matlab Dynamically linked subroutine file
mexsg-file-description Detailed description

mexw32-file-extension
mexw32-file-description MATlab program executable file
mexw32-file-description Files with mexw32 extension can be found as special executables compiled in MATlab program. Used for custom MATlab programs.

mexw64-file-extension
mexw64-file-description MATlab compiled function
mexw64-file-description Files with mexw64 extension can be found as compiled function files from MATlab computing system.

mez-file-extension
mez-file-description RealArcade game information
mez-file-description A mez file extension is associated with the RealArcade, a casual gaming service. A mez file stores game information.

mf-file-extension
mf-file-description Metafont text font
mf-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe MF file extension!

mf1-file-extension
mf1-file-description I-DEAS model
mf1-file-description An mf1 file extension is related to the I-DEAS form Siemens. An mf1 file stores model.

mf2-file-extension
mf2-file-description Authorware Mediator5 multimedia file
mf2-file-description Files with mf2 extension are used for Adobe Authorware. They include multimedia data files.

mf3-file-extension
mf3-file-description Ensoniq MR-76 audio data
mf3-file-description An mf3 file extension is associated with the audio format used by Ensoniq MR-76 keyboards.

mf4-file-extension
mf4-file-description ASAM Version 4.0 measurement data format
mf4-file-description Files with mf4 extension can be found as some sort of measurement data for Vector Informatics software.

mfa-file-extension
mfa-file-description ClickTeam source data
mfa-file-description Files with mfa file extension can be found as source codes from ClickTeam software.

mfalist-file-extension
mfalist-file-description Ashampoo Photo Commander slideshow list
mfalist-file-description An mfalist file extension is related to the Ashampoo Photo Commander for Windows. An mfalist file stores slideshow list.

mfasl-file-extension
mfasl-file-description Netscape XUL fastload data
mfasl-file-description Files with mfasl file extension were used in old Netscape navigator web browser for one of its data files.

mfb-file-extension
mfb-file-description Ensoniq MR 76 audio data
mfb-file-description A mfb file extension is related to the Ensoniq MR 76 electronic keyboard. A mfb file stores audio data.

mfcc-file-extension
mfcc-file-description HTK mel-frequency cepstral coefficient data
mfcc-file-description An mfcc file suffix is associated with the HTK mel-frequency cepstral coefficient data format.

mfcribbon-ms-file-extension
mfcribbon-ms-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ ribbon resource code
mfcribbon-ms-file-description An mfcribbon-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++ development tool.

mfd-file-extension
mfd-file-description ABC programming language monadic functions data
mfd-file-description A mfd file extension is associated with the ABC programming language monadic functions format.

mfe-file-extension
mfe-file-description 3ds max character studio data
mfe-file-description An mfe file extension is related to the character studio, developed by Unreal Pictures. An mfe file contains data.

mff-file-extension
mff-file-description Cakewalk MIDI format
mff-file-description Files with mff suffix can be mostly found as MIDI like audio files from Sonar, or other programs from Cakewalk.

mfg-file-extension
mfg-file-description Pro/Engineer manufacturing data
mfg-file-description A mfg file extension is related to the Pro/Engineer and used for its manufacturing files.

mfi-file-extension
mfi-file-description Windows 98 Resource Kit data format
mfi-file-description An mfi file extension is related to the Windows 98 Resource Kit. An mfi file contains data.

mfil-file-extension
mfil-file-description Battle.net settings update
mfil-file-description An mfil file extension is related to Battle.net client included with video games from Blizzard. An mfil file stores settings for updates.

mfj-file-extension
mfj-file-description MOBCAL data
mfj-file-description An mfj file extension is related to the MOBCAL a program to calculate mobilities.

mfk-file-extension
mfk-file-description Memsoft OS/2 database
mfk-file-description An mfk file extension is related to the Memsoft OS/2 database format.

mfl-file-extension
mfl-file-description Mozilla Firefox XUL fastload data
mfl-file-description An mfl file extension is related to Mozilla Firefox and Mozilla Thunderbird software. An mfl file stores fastload data in XUL (XML User Interface Language).

mfm-file-extension
mfm-file-description VTeX multiple master font metrics
mfm-file-description An mfm file extension is related to the VTeX publishing system and used for its multiple master font metrics.

mfo-file-extension
mfo-file-description Mediaface Online CD label software project
mfo-file-description Files with mfo file extension are associated with Mediaface Online service projects. They are used to create CDs labels.

mfp-file-extension
mfp-file-description MediaFACE CD data
mfp-file-description An mfp file extension is related to the MediaFACE, a labeling software. An mfp file stores data.

mfps-file-extension
mfps-file-description Scientific Calculator Plus script
mfps-file-description An mfps file extension is related to the Scientific Calculator Plus and used for its MFP script files.

mfr-file-extension
mfr-file-description Autodesk Moldflow result data
mfr-file-description Files with mfr extension are mainly related to Autodesk Moldflow Communicator software and used for some sort of saved results file.

mfs-file-extension
mfs-file-description MetFS encrypted FUSE  based filesystem
mfs-file-description A mfs file extension is related to the MetFS encrypted FUSE  based filesystem file format.

mft-file-extension
mft-file-description Microsoft Windows NTFS master file table
mft-file-description Files with mft extension are mainly related to metadata from NTFS file system used by various versions of Microsoft Windows operating system.

mftpkg-file-extension
mftpkg-file-description MacFamilyTree project
mftpkg-file-description An mftpkg file extension is related to the MacFamilyTree a genealogy software and used for its project files.

mfu-file-extension
mfu-file-description Backdoor.Win32.Agent.mfu data
mfu-file-description An mfu file extension is related to the Backdoor.Win32.Agent.mfu virus. An mfu file contains some kind of data.

mfv-file-extension
mfv-file-description Ubuntu video data
mfv-file-description An mfv file extension is related to the Ubuntu and used for its video files.

mfw-file-extension
mfw-file-description Motorola MSS Box firmware file
mfw-file-description Files with mfw extension are used for the MSS Box. They include firmware data.

mfx-file-extension
mfx-file-description Adobe user keyboard shortcut settings
mfx-file-description Files with mfx extension can be found as some keyboard shortcut settings files for several Adobe products meant for OS X platform.

mf_-file-extension
mf_-file-description Unknown file extension
mf_-file-description Files with mf_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mg-file-extension
mg-file-description Modula-3 generic module source
mg-file-description An mg file extension is related to the Modula-3 programming language. An mg file contains generic module source.

mg1-file-extension
mg1-file-description MusiGenesis project
mg1-file-description An mg1 file extension is related to the MusiGenesis, a music composing software and used for its project files.

mg2-file-extension
mg2-file-description Band-in-a-Box song file
mg2-file-description Files with mg2 extension are used for Band-in-a-Box.

mg3-file-extension
mg3-file-description LizardTech MrSID bitmap image
mg3-file-description An mg3 file extension is related to the LizardTech MrSID bitmap file format.

mg4-file-extension
mg4-file-description Band-in-a-Box song
mg4-file-description An mg4 file extension is related to the Band-in-a-Box, a music composing software and used for its song files.

mg8-file-extension
mg8-file-description MultiArtist picture image
mg8-file-description Files with mg8 file extension are commonly used by MultiArtist picture image format.

mg9-file-extension
mg9-file-description Band-in-a-Box song
mg9-file-description Files with mg9 file extension are used by the Band-In-a-Box audio editor software.

mga-file-extension
mga-file-description Manga comics document file
mga-file-description Files with mga extension are used for Manga Comics created by Manga Creator. They include many data.

mga4-file-extension
mga4-file-description Mageia Linux data
mga4-file-description An mga4 file extension is related to the Mageia, a desktop Linux operation system distribution.

mga5-file-extension
mga5-file-description Mageia Linux file
mga5-file-description The *.mga5 file extension is related to the Mageia Linux distribution for desktop computers.

mgb-file-extension
mgb-file-description Paragon5 Gameboy Tracker audio
mgb-file-description An mgb file extension is related to the Paragon5 Gameboy Tracker and used for its audio files.

mgc-file-extension
mgc-file-description MGCSoft Equation Illustrator data
mgc-file-description Files with mgc file extension can be mainly found as data files from Equation Illustrator program.

mgcb-file-extension
mgcb-file-description MGCSoft Equation Illustrator project file
mgcb-file-description Files with mgcb extension are used by the MHCSoft Equation Illustrator graphics program.

mgd-file-extension
mgd-file-description Master Grade gradebook
mgd-file-description Files with mgd suffix can be usually encountered as gradebooks saved using the Master Grade software from Maxium Developments.

mgdatabase-file-extension
mgdatabase-file-description MacGourmet Deluxe database file
mgdatabase-file-description Detailed description

mge-file-extension
mge-file-description MGE Data Server project
mge-file-description An mge file extension is related to the MGE Data Server and used for its project files.

mgf-file-extension
mgf-file-description Micrografx font
mgf-file-description An mgf file extension is related to the Micrografx software and used for font files.

mgh-file-extension
mgh-file-description Minigolf Adventures Deluxe game data
mgh-file-description An mgh file extension is related to the Minigolf Adventures Deluxe. An mgh file contains game data.

mgjson-file-extension
mgjson-file-description Adobe After Effects Motion Graphics JSON data
mgjson-file-description An mgjson file extension is related to the After Effects software for Microsoft Windows and Apple Mac. An mgjson file contains Motion Graphics JSON data.

mgk-file-extension
mgk-file-description ImageMagick settings file
mgk-file-description Files with mgk extension are used by ImageMagick graphic editor. They include some settings data.

mgl-file-extension
mgl-file-description Age of Empires II game data
mgl-file-description An mgl file extension is related to the Age of Empires II, a real time strategic video game. An mgl file contains game data.

mglr-file-extension
mglr-file-description Magellan routes file
mglr-file-description Detailed description

mglt-file-extension
mglt-file-description Magellan tracklogs file
mglt-file-description Detailed description

mglw-file-extension
mglw-file-description Magellan waypoint file
mglw-file-description Detailed description

mgm-file-extension
mgm-file-description MGCSoft Equation Editor macro
mgm-file-description An mgm file extension is related to the MGCSoft Equation Editor and used for its macro files.

mgmf-file-extension
mgmf-file-description MindGenius mind map
mgmf-file-description An mgmf file extension is related to the MindGenius and used for its mind map files.

mgmt-file-extension
mgmt-file-description MindGenius template
mgmt-file-description An mgmt file extension is related to the MindGenius, a mind mapping tool. The mgmt file stores template.

mgmx-file-extension
mgmx-file-description MindGenius map
mgmx-file-description An mgmx file extension is related to the MindGenius a business mind mapping software. An mgmx file stores map.

mgn-file-extension
mgn-file-description Modern Genealogy database
mgn-file-description Files with mgn file extension are used for Modern Genealogy database.

mgo-file-extension
mgo-file-description MacGourmet recipe data
mgo-file-description An mgo file extension is related to the MacGourmet software and used for its recipe files.

mgourmet-file-extension
mgourmet-file-description Mariner MacGourmet document file
mgourmet-file-description Files with mgourmet extension are used by the Mariner MacGourmet program. These files contain some documents with recipes.

mgourmet3-file-extension
mgourmet3-file-description Mariner MacGourmet document
mgourmet3-file-description An mgourmet3 file extension is related to the Mariner MacGourmet program for Apple Mac. An mgourmet3 file stores document.

mgp-file-extension
mgp-file-description Adobe Captivate MenuBuilder data
mgp-file-description An mgp file extension is related to the Adobe Captivate an e-learning software. An mgp file contains MenuBuilder data.

mgr-file-extension
mgr-file-description MGR bitmap image
mgr-file-description An mgr file extension is related to the ManaGeR and used for its bitmap image files.

mgrp-file-extension
mgrp-file-description NI MASCHINE 1.x audio project related data
mgrp-file-description Files with mgrp file extension can be found as older project related data for NI MASCHINE music production system.

mgrs-file-extension
mgrs-file-description Military Grid Reference System data
mgrs-file-description An mgrs file extension is related to the Military Grid Reference System.

mgs-file-extension
mgs-file-description MGCSoft vector shapes data
mgs-file-description An mgs file extension is related to the Equation Illustrator. An mgs file contains vector shapes.

mgspot-file-extension
mgspot-file-description MacGourmet metadata
mgspot-file-description An mgspot file extension is related to the MacGourmet cook recipes management software. An mgspot file stores metadata.

mgsv-file-extension
mgsv-file-description Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain mod archive
mgsv-file-description Files with mgsv file extension are commonly used by Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain video game for its mod archives.

mgt-file-extension
mgt-file-description ZX Spectrum emulator disk image
mgt-file-description Files with mgt extension can also be found as magnetic tape emulator files for some ZX Spectrum Emulators.

mgtheme-file-extension
mgtheme-file-description MacGourmet theme file
mgtheme-file-description Detailed description

mgu-file-extension
mgu-file-description Band-in-a-Box MIDI song
mgu-file-description Files with mgu extension are MIDI files created using Band-in-a-Box program from PG Music.

mgv-file-extension
mgv-file-description Sony PSP video data
mgv-file-description File with mgv file extension can be found as special H.264 videos for Sony Playstation Portable.

mgx-file-extension
mgx-file-description Micrografx Designer drawing
mgx-file-description An mgx file extension is related to the Micrografx Designer and used for its drawing files.

mgz-file-extension
mgz-file-description Metal Gear Solid game archive
mgz-file-description An mgz file extension is related to the Metal Gear Solid video game. An mgz file contains archive with game data.

mha-file-extension
mha-file-description MetaImage medical format
mha-file-description Files with mha extension may be found as medical images in special MetaImage format. Used for example in the ITK toolkit.

mhc-file-extension
mhc-file-description MPLAB Harmony configuration data
mhc-file-description An mhc file extension is related to the MPLAB Harmony and used for its configuration data.

mhd-file-extension
mhd-file-description MetaImage medical format
mhd-file-description Files with mhd extension may be found as medical images in special MetaImage format. Used for example in the ITK toolkit.

mhe-file-extension
mhe-file-description MHwinEHE project
mhe-file-description An mhe file extension is related to the MHwinEHE tool. An mhe file contains project.

mhg-file-extension
mhg-file-description Multimedia data
mhg-file-description Files with mhg file extension can be found as long obsolete multimedia files.

mhk-file-extension
mhk-file-description Riven movie data
mhk-file-description Files with mhk file extension are used for the Riven video game. They include movies and other videos used in this game.

mhl-file-extension
mhl-file-description Media Hash List
mhl-file-description Files with mhl file extension might be mainly found as special Media Hash List files. Used for identifying the origin of files during secure data transfers.

mhm-file-extension
mhm-file-description Microsoft Mouse and Keyboard Center macro
mhm-file-description Files with mhm file extension are related to the Microsoft Mouse and Keyboard Center software. An mhm file contains macro.

mhn-file-extension
mhn-file-description Master Navigator header data
mhn-file-description An mhn file extension is related to the Master Navigator header data format.

mhp-file-extension
mhp-file-description Mailshift Internet mail document
mhp-file-description Files with mhp file extension can be occasionally found as old e-mail documents saved in MailShift app for Unix.

mhs-file-extension
mhs-file-description Xilinx Platform Studio hardware specification
mhs-file-description An mhs file extension is related to the Xilinx Platform Studio and used for its hardware specification data.

mhtenx-file-extension
mhtenx-file-description Egis encrypted HTM file
mhtenx-file-description Files with mhtenx extension are used by the Egis program. They contain encrypted HTM documents data.

mhtm-file-extension
mhtm-file-description Mime HTML (MHTML)
mhtm-file-description Files with mhtm file extension can be found as common MHTML web page archives. Used to save whole internet pages including external links like images.

mhtml-file-extension
mhtml-file-description Web page archive
mhtml-file-description Files with mhtml extension can be found as special archived web pages saved in MIME MHTML format.

mhtmlenx-file-extension
mhtmlenx-file-description Egis encrypted MHTML document
mhtmlenx-file-description An mhtmlenx file extension is related to the Egis, a security software. An mhtmlenx file contains encrypted MHTML document.

mhv-file-extension
mhv-file-description Husqvarna Viking data
mhv-file-description Files with mhv file extension are data files from Husqvarna Viking 3D Embroidery System. Internal data files.

mhx-file-extension
mhx-file-description MakeHuman exchange format
mhx-file-description Files with mhx extension can be nowadays mostly found as special data exchange format from MakeHuman open source tool.

mi-file-extension
mi-file-description CoCreate CAD drawing
mi-file-description Files with mi file extension can be mostly found as 3D drawings created in the CoCreate CAD program.

mi2-file-extension
mi2-file-description Autodesk Softimage data
mi2-file-description An mi2 file extension is related to the Autodesk Softimage software. An mi2 file stores some kind of data used by Autodesk Softimage.

mi4-file-extension
mi4-file-description nVidia PortalPlayer firmware update file
mi4-file-description Files with mi4 extension are used by many multimedia players for their chip sets. They store firmware updates.

mia-file-extension
mia-file-description MusicIndiaOnline Trident Player music
mia-file-description A mia file extension is related to the MusicIndiaOnline an on-line service. A mia file contains music data.

miaf-file-extension
miaf-file-description InstallAware setup dialog rules
miaf-file-description An miaf file extension is related to the InstallAware program for Windows. An miaf file contains setup dialog rules data.

mib-file-extension
mib-file-description MyInfo topic backup
mib-file-description A mib file extension is related to the MyInfo program, developed by Milenix Software and used for its topic backup files.

mic-file-extension
mic-file-description Microsoft Image Composer graphics image
mic-file-description Files with mic file extension can be quite often found as pictures edited and saved using legacy Microsoft Image Composer software.

microkey25_data-file-extension
microkey25_data-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
microkey25_data-file-description A microkey25_data file extension is related to the KORG KONTROL Editor file format.

microkey_data-file-extension
microkey_data-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
microkey_data-file-description A microkey_data file extension is related to the KORG KONTROL Editor software for Windows and Mac.

mid-file-extension
mid-file-description MIDI audio
mid-file-description Files with mid extension can be found as common MIDI files. Also uses MIDI extension. It is one of the most basic sound files, used a lot in the past.

midicodec-file-extension
midicodec-file-description Reason data
midicodec-file-description A midicodec file extension is related to the Reason audio software for Mac and Windows.

mie-file-extension
mie-file-description Meta Information Encapsulation
mie-file-description Files with mie file extension can be found as files in Meta Information Encapsulation file format.

mif-file-extension
mif-file-description ImageMagick image file format
mif-file-description A mif file extension is related to the ImageMagick picture image file format.

miff-file-extension
miff-file-description Magick image file format
miff-file-description An miff file extension is associated with the ImageMagick a digital picture image editing software and used for its picture image file format.

mig-file-extension
mig-file-description Windows Easy Transfer migration data
mig-file-description Files with mig file extension can be mostly found as data saved by the Windows Easy Transfer utility.

migitallock-file-extension
migitallock-file-description Migital encrypted data
migitallock-file-description Files with migitallock file extension can be found as multimedia files encrypted by some app mad by Migital.

migrated-file-extension
migrated-file-description Microsoft Windows migrated data
migrated-file-description A migrated file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system and used for migration data.

migratedaplibrary-file-extension
migratedaplibrary-file-description Apple Photos migrated Aperture library
migratedaplibrary-file-description A migratedaplibrary file extension is related to the Apple Photos and used for migrated photo library from Apple Aperture.

migratedphotolibrary-file-extension
migratedphotolibrary-file-description Apple Photos migrated iPhoto library
migratedphotolibrary-file-description A migratedphotolibrary file extension is related to the Apple Photos and used for migrated iPhoto library files.

migtable-file-extension
migtable-file-description Microsoft Windows data
migtable-file-description A migtable file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system.

mih-file-extension
mih-file-description MRtrix Image Header file
mih-file-description Files with mih extension are used for MRtrix program. They include some graphics data.

mihb-file-extension
mihb-file-description XWE data
mihb-file-description An mihb file extension is related to the XWE software for Windows.

mii-file-extension
mii-file-description Nintendo Wii virtual avatar
mii-file-description A mii file extension is related to the Nintendo Wii video gaming console. A mii file stores Wii virtual avatar.

mik-file-extension
mik-file-description MapInfo MapImagery encryption key
mik-file-description A mik file extension is related to the MapInfo MapImagery and is used for its  encryption key files.

mil-file-extension
mil-file-description Micro Illustrator uncompressed image
mil-file-description Files with mil file extension are generally images created in the Micro Illustrator program. Viewable using XnView.

milk-file-extension
milk-file-description Winamp MilkDrop plugin configuration data
milk-file-description A milk file extension is related to the Winamp MilkDrop plugin configuration data.

millpst-file-extension
millpst-file-description BobCAD post processor data
millpst-file-description An millpst file extension is related to the BobCAD, an advanced 2D and 3D CAD tool. A .millpst file stores post processor data.

mim-file-extension
mim-file-description Multi-Purpose Internet Mail Extensions
mim-file-description A mim file extension is associated with the Multi-Purpose Internet Mail Extensions format that specifies how electronic messages must be formatted.

mime-file-extension
mime-file-description Multi-Purpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) format (RFC822)
mime-file-description Files with mime extension are often used for Multi-Purpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) file format format (RFC822). MIME is protocol used to transport non-text information across the Internet. The mime file contains encoded information about transported data. MIME format is used by variety of e-mail clients and web browsers.

min-file-extension
min-file-description OrCAD PCB layout
min-file-description Files with min file extension can be usually encountered as PCB layout files in Max Interchange Notation format.

mind-file-extension
mind-file-description Mindmeister mindmap
mind-file-description Files with mind extension are mind maps prepared and saved using the Mindmeister online mind mapping and presentation software.

mindnode-file-extension
mindnode-file-description MindNode document
mindnode-file-description A mindnode file extension is related to the MindNode, an outlining ideas management software. A mindnode file contains document.

mine-file-extension
mine-file-description Minecraft map
mine-file-description Files with mine file extension can be generally found as map files from the popular Minecraft computer game.

minesweepersave-ms-file-extension
minesweepersave-ms-file-description Microsoft MineSweeper saved record
minesweepersave-ms-file-description A minesweepersave-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft MineSweeper a part of Windows Vista.

mingw-file-extension
mingw-file-description MinGW makefile
mingw-file-description A mingw file extension is related to the MinGW, a development environment for Windows and used for its makefile.

mingw32-file-extension
mingw32-file-description Mingw compiler data
mingw32-file-description A mingw32 file extension is related to the Mingw software. A mingw32 file contains compiler data.

mini-file-extension
mini-file-description Mini V data
mini-file-description A mini file extension is related to the Mini V synthesizer. A mini file contains data.

mini2sf-file-extension
mini2sf-file-description XWE data
mini2sf-file-description A mini2sf file extension is related to the XWE software for Windows.

minibank-file-extension
minibank-file-description Mini V data
minibank-file-description A minibank file extension is related to the Mini V audio software for Windows and Mac. A minibank file contains data.

minidsf-file-extension
minidsf-file-description XWE data
minidsf-file-description A minidsf file extension is related to the XWE software for Windows.

minigsf-file-extension
minigsf-file-description Game Boy Advance music data
minigsf-file-description An minigsf file extension is related to the Game Boy Advance handheld video gaming console. An minigsf file stores music data.

minipsf-file-extension
minipsf-file-description XWE data
minipsf-file-description A minipsf file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

minipsf2-file-extension
minipsf2-file-description XWE data
minipsf2-file-description A minipsf2 file extension is related to the XWE files.

miniso-file-extension
miniso-file-description DVDFab miniso disk image file format
miniso-file-description Files miniso file extension can be found as mini disk images made by DVDFab digital optical disks copying software for emulation of Blu-ray disks.

minissf-file-extension
minissf-file-description XWE data
minissf-file-description An minissf file extension is related to the XWE software and used for its data files.

miniusf-file-extension
miniusf-file-description Nintendo 64 song file
miniusf-file-description A miniusf file extension is related to the Nintendo 64 midi audio format.

mint-file-extension
mint-file-description Linux Mint installer data
mint-file-description A mint file extension is related to the Linux distribution called Mint. A mint file contains installation data.

mio-file-extension
mio-file-description MIO multimedia data
mio-file-description An mio file extension is related to the MIO multimedia file format.

mip-file-extension
mip-file-description Corel PaintShop Pro multiple print image
mip-file-description A file extension mip is related to the Corel PaintShop Pro multiple print image format.

mipr-file-extension
mipr-file-description MacImage hybrid CD-ROM project
mipr-file-description An mipr file extension is related to the MacImage hybrid CD-ROM project file format. An mipr file stores list and path to files that will be burned to CD-R.

mir-file-extension
mir-file-description Mini Image Ripper disk image
mir-file-description Files with mir suffix can be most often found as special mini disk images made using Mini Image Ripper tool.

miradi-file-extension
miradi-file-description Miradi project
miradi-file-description A miradi file extension is related to the Miradi and used for its project files.

miro-file-extension
miro-file-description Miro playlist
miro-file-description A miro file extension is related to the Miro multimedia player. A miro file stores playlist.

mis-file-extension
mis-file-description Mission data
mis-file-description A mis file extension is related to mission data for various computer games.

miso-file-extension
miso-file-description MacImage ISO+ project
miso-file-description A .miso file extension is related to the MacImage and used for its ISO+ project files.

mission-file-extension
mission-file-description MissionMaker project
mission-file-description A mission file extension is related to the MissionMaker and used for its project files.

mit-file-extension
mit-file-description MineEdit inventory template
mit-file-description Files with mit file extension are related to the MineEdit inventory template format.

mitsu-file-extension
mitsu-file-description Mitsubishi Printer bitmap image file
mitsu-file-description The MITSU file extension is related to Mitsubishi Printer bitmap image file format.

miv-file-extension
miv-file-description MapImagery vendor profile
miv-file-description A miv file extension is related to the MapImagery and used for its vendor profile data.

mix-file-extension
mix-file-description Microsoft PhotoDraw image
mix-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe MIX file extension!

mixn-file-extension
mixn-file-description Apple Guide Addition file
mixn-file-description Detailed description

miz-file-extension
miz-file-description Winamp compressed midi audio
miz-file-description A miz file extension is related to the Winamp multimedia player for Windows. A miz file stores compressed midi data.

mi_-file-extension
mi_-file-description Unknown file extension
mi_-file-description Files with mi_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mj-file-extension
mj-file-description MovieJack DVD ripper data
mj-file-description An mj file extension is related to the MovieJack DVD ripper and used for its ripper data.

mj2-file-extension
mj2-file-description JPEG 2000 motion sequence format (ISO 15444-3)
mj2-file-description An mj2 file extension is related to the JPEG 2000 motion sequence format (ISO 15444-3) file format used to store motion sequences.

mj3-file-extension
mj3-file-description id Software online sale data
mj3-file-description Files with mj3 file extension can be usually encountered as some sort of on-line purchase links from old id Software games.

mj4-file-extension
mj4-file-description Objectif Lune Sugopita data
mj4-file-description An mj4 file extension is related to the Sugopita software developed by Objectif Lune KK.

mjbooktemplate-file-extension
mjbooktemplate-file-description MacJournal book template file
mjbooktemplate-file-description The *.mjbooktemplate file extension is related to the MacJournal book template files.

mjd-file-extension
mjd-file-description Adobe Acrobat MIME encoded job definition
mjd-file-description An mjd file extension is related to the MIME encoded job definition format used by Adobe Acrobat.

mjdoc-file-extension
mjdoc-file-description MacJournal document file
mjdoc-file-description Detailed description

mjf-file-extension
mjf-file-description Mjuice MP3 audio file
mjf-file-description An mjf file extension is related to the Mjuice MP3 audio file format.

mjg-file-extension
mjg-file-description Trojan data
mjg-file-description Files with mjg file extension are mostly found as part or generated by of some malicious programs or Trojans. Be careful with them.

mjk-file-extension
mjk-file-description NLMTIM question data
mjk-file-description An mjk file extension is related to computer game called Nosza, legyél má' Te is MILIJOMOS.

mjm-file-extension
mjm-file-description JDF data exchange format
mjm-file-description A mjm file extension is related to the JDF a standard used to exchange information between apps associated with graphics industry.

mjp-file-extension
mjp-file-description JRiver Media Center plug-in
mjp-file-description Files with mjp extension are mostly plugins for the JRiver Media Center multimedia management and playback tool for Windows and Mac.

mjp2-file-extension
mjp2-file-description JPEG 2000 motion sequence format (ISO 15444-3)
mjp2-file-description An mjp2 file extension is related to the JPEG 2000 motion sequence format (ISO 15444-3) file format. An mjp2 file stores timed sequences of images.

mjpeg-file-extension
mjpeg-file-description Motion JPEG video
mjpeg-file-description Files with mjpeg file extension can be typically found as special animated images in Motion JPEG video file format.

mjpg-file-extension
mjpg-file-description Motion JPEG Video
mjpg-file-description Files with mjpg file extension can be generally found as animated JPEG files in Motion JPEG file format. Similar to animated GIFs.

mjr-file-extension
mjr-file-description Media Jukebox registration data
mjr-file-description A mjr file extension is related to the Media Jukebox and used for its registration files.

mjs-file-extension
mjs-file-description Mijas 7400 costing database
mjs-file-description An mjs file extension is related to the Mijas 7400 costing database format.

mjx-file-extension
mjx-file-description Objectif Lune Sugopita data
mjx-file-description An mjx file extension is related to the Sugopita and used for its data files.

mjz-file-extension
mjz-file-description Trojan.Win32.Agent.mjz data
mjz-file-description An mjz file extension is related to the Trojan.Win32.Agent.mjz malware. An mjz file stores data.

mk-file-extension
mk-file-description Makefile file
mk-file-description An mk file extension is related to the Makefile format used by Microsoft Visual Studio and other development environment.

mk1-file-extension
mk1-file-description Karaoke audio data
mk1-file-description An mk1 file extension is related to some kind of Karaoke audio file format.

mk2-file-extension
mk2-file-description Flowcom 32 data
mk2-file-description An mk2 file extension is related to the Flowcom 32 app for Microsoft Windows.

mk3d-file-extension
mk3d-file-description Matroska MKV 3D stereoscopic video
mk3d-file-description Files with mk3d extension can be generally found as special 3D video variant of MKV multimedia. Used in home theaters and such.

mk4-file-extension
mk4-file-description Akregator data
mk4-file-description An mk4 file extension is related to the Akregator RSS feed reader.

mka-file-extension
mka-file-description Matroska audio
mka-file-description Files with mka file extension can be typically found as audio files in Matroska audio file format. Pretty much same as MKV, but MKA is used for files that contain audio content only in Matroska container.

mkb-file-extension
mkb-file-description Marmalade SDK project
mkb-file-description An mkb file extension is related to Marmalade SDK that is used to develop video games for mobile and desktop platforms. An mkb file contains project.

mkc-file-extension
mkc-file-description MagicKey currency exchange rate data
mkc-file-description An mkc file extension is related to the MagicKey and used for its exchange rate data.

mkd-file-extension
mkd-file-description CAD6 drawing
mkd-file-description An mkd file extension is related to the CAD6 drawing tool. An mkd file stores drawing.

mkdn-file-extension
mkdn-file-description Markdown markup language source file
mkdn-file-description Files with mkdn suffix are in most cases source codes written and saved in the Markdown Markup Language.

mke-file-extension
mke-file-description Microsoft Windows SDK make data
mke-file-description An mke file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows SDK make files.

mkelem-file-extension
mkelem-file-description IBM Rational ClearCase data
mkelem-file-description An mkelem file extension is related to the IBM Rational ClearCase, a software configuration management tool.

mkext-file-extension
mkext-file-description Mac Mach kernel extension memory cache
mkext-file-description An mkext file extension is related to the Mac OS X Mach kernel (XNU) (macOS) files used to store kernel extension memory cache.

mkey-file-extension
mkey-file-description CompeGPS Land registration key
mkey-file-description An mkey file extension is related to the CompeGPS Land and used for its registration key files.

mkeyb-file-extension
mkeyb-file-description CompeGPS Land registration key
mkeyb-file-description An mkeyb file extension is related to the CompeGPS Land and used for its registration key files.

mkf-file-extension
mkf-file-description Karabox music
mkf-file-description Files with mkf suffix  can be found as karaoke music files for Karabox software.

mkh-file-extension
mkh-file-description WinMark Pro mark data
mkh-file-description An mkh file extension is related to the WinMark Pro and used for its mark files.

mki-file-extension
mki-file-description MagView Japanese graphics MAKIchan bitmap image
mki-file-description An mki file extension is related to the MagView Japanese graphics MAKIchan bitmap file format.

mkii-file-extension
mkii-file-description Mark2 SoundSystem audio data
mkii-file-description An mkII file extension is related to the Mark2 SoundSystem audio file format.

mkj-file-extension
mkj-file-description MKJamz audio file
mkj-file-description The MKJ file extension is related to the MKJamz and used for its audio files.

mkl-file-extension
mkl-file-description Malz++Kassner CAD library
mkl-file-description An mkl file extension is related to the CAD6 and used for its library files.

mklk-file-extension
mklk-file-description Cyberlink DirectZone menu settings
mklk-file-description A mklk file extension is related to the Cyberlink DirectZone and used for its menu settings.

mkp-file-extension
mkp-file-description Cinestar remote control configuration data
mkp-file-description An mkp file extension is related to the CineStar and used for its remote control configuration files.

mkr-file-extension
mkr-file-description Train Simulator marker data
mkr-file-description An mkr file extension is related to the Train Simulator, a train simulation computer game.

mks-file-extension
mks-file-description Matroska subtitles stream
mks-file-description Files with mks extension are related to the Matroska subtitles stream file format stored in Matroska container without video and audio data.

mkt-file-extension
mkt-file-description Visual FoxPro configuration
mkt-file-description Files with mkt file extension can be mostly encountered as configuration files from Visual FoxPro.

mku-file-extension
mku-file-description MagicKey units definition
mku-file-description An mku file extension is related to the MagicKey and used for its units definition files.

mkv3d-file-extension
mkv3d-file-description Matroska 3D video format
mkv3d-file-description Files with mkv3d file extension can be found as 3D videos saved in the Matroska multimedia container.

mkw-file-extension
mkw-file-description Compressed audio
mkw-file-description An mkw file extension is related to the compressed audio format developed by Michael K. Weise.

mky-file-extension
mky-file-description MagicKey configuration data
mky-file-description An mky file extension is related to the MagicKey and used for its configuration files.

mkz-file-extension
mkz-file-description PokerOffice database backup
mkz-file-description An mkz file extension is related to the PokerOffice and used for its database backup.

ml-file-extension
ml-file-description ML language source code
ml-file-description An ml file extension is related to the ML programming language. An ml file stores source code written in ML.

ml2-file-extension
ml2-file-description Tripos MOL2 molecule data
ml2-file-description An ml2 file extension is related to the Tripos MOL2 molecule data format.

ml20-file-extension
ml20-file-description MSN Webcam Recorder video file
ml20-file-description Files with ml20 file extension can be found as older web chat recordings made in older MSN Webcam Recorder program.

ml3-file-extension
ml3-file-description Milestones project
ml3-file-description An ml3 file extension is related to the Milestones Professional software. An ml3 file stores project.

ml4-file-extension
ml4-file-description Milestones 4 schedule data
ml4-file-description Files with ml4 file extension can be found as schedules saved in version 4 and 4.5 of Milestones software.

ml5-file-extension
ml5-file-description Milestones project
ml5-file-description An ml5 file extension is related to the Milestones version 5, a project scheduling and management program. An ml5 file stores project.

ml9-file-extension
ml9-file-description Milestones Professional 2004U schedule
ml9-file-description An ml9 file extension is related to the Milestones Professional 2004U schedule files.

mla-file-extension
mla-file-description WorshipCenter Pro document
mla-file-description An mla file extension is related to the WorshipCenter Pro and used for its document files.

mlappinstall-file-extension
mlappinstall-file-description MATlab data
mlappinstall-file-description An mlappinstall file extension is related to the MATlab programming language and computing software.

mlb-file-extension
mlb-file-description Microsoft Windows Mobile media library
mlb-file-description An mlb file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Mobile operating system and it is used for media libraries.

mlc-file-extension
mlc-file-description Microsoft Windows language interface pack
mlc-file-description Files with mlc file extension can be found as language interface pack for Microsoft Windows operating system. Used to change language in wizards, menus etc.

mld-file-extension
mld-file-description i-Melody format for i-Mode
mld-file-description Files with mld file extension are mainly older ringtones in i-Melody format. Used in old mobile phones.

mldatx-file-extension
mldatx-file-description Simulink Simulation Data Inspector saved session
mldatx-file-description An mldatx file extension is related to the Simulink, a graphical programming environment. An mldatx file stores saved session from Simulation Data Inspector.

mle-file-extension
mle-file-description mAirList event list
mle-file-description An mle file extension is related to the mAirList, a software for Radio Stations. An mle file stores event list.

mlf-file-extension
mlf-file-description Autodesk mapguide layer data
mlf-file-description An mlf file extension is related to the Autodesk mapguide layer file format.

mlg-file-extension
mlg-file-description IBM Communications Server message
mlg-file-description Files with mlg extension can mostly be be found as saved server messages from IBM Communications Server.

mli-file-extension
mli-file-description Autodesk 3D Studio MAX material file
mli-file-description Files with mli extension are used by one of the most used 3D animation software 3ds Max, developed by Autodesk.

mlib-file-extension
mlib-file-description Model library
mlib-file-description An mlib file extension is associated with the Sequence Alignment and Modeling system. An mlib file contains library.

mlid-file-extension
mlid-file-description Multiple link interface driver
mlid-file-description An mlid file extension is related to the Novell Open Datalink Interface (ODI) device driver.

mlj-file-extension
mlj-file-description Canon MultiPASS Suite fax document
mlj-file-description Files with mlj file extension are used by the Canon MultiPASS Suite.

mlk-file-extension
mlk-file-description Sierra MasterCook look data
mlk-file-description An mlk file extension is related to the MasterCook, a recipe program for Windows. An mlk file stores look data.

mll-file-extension
mll-file-description Autodesk Maya plug-in
mll-file-description Files with mll suffix can be usually encountered as special plug-ins for Autodesk Maya software.

mllicense-file-extension
mllicense-file-description RealStrat licesne
mllicense-file-description The mllicense file extension is related to the RealStrat a music composing software.

mlm-file-extension
mlm-file-description Novell GroupWise saved email message
mlm-file-description An mlm file extension is related to the Novell GroupWise and used for its saved email message files.

mln-file-extension
mln-file-description Alchemy source data
mln-file-description A mln file extension is related to the Alchemy software and used for its script files.

mlocate-file-extension
mlocate-file-description Gnome Desktop file
mlocate-file-description Detailed description

mlp-file-extension
mlp-file-description mAirList playlist
mlp-file-description An mlp file extension is related to the mAirList and used for its playlist files.

mlpkginstall-file-extension
mlpkginstall-file-description MATlab support package
mlpkginstall-file-description An mlpkginstall file extension is associated with the MATlab software and used for its support packages.

mlr-file-extension
mlr-file-description Mollier Sketcher document
mlr-file-description An mlr file extension is related to the Mollier Sketcher and used for its document files.

mls-file-extension
mls-file-description Miles Sound Tools compressed DLS data
mls-file-description An mls file extension is related to the Miles Sound Tools compressed DLS data format.

mlsxml-file-extension
mlsxml-file-description Skype XML data
mlsxml-file-description An mlsxml file extension is related to the Skype, a video conferencing program.

mlt-file-extension
mlt-file-description Forecast Pro multivariate forecast
mlt-file-description An mlt file extension is related to the Forecast Pro and used for its multivariate forecast files.

mltbx-file-extension
mltbx-file-description MATlab toolbox package
mltbx-file-description An mltbx file extension is related to the MATlab, a computing software and programming language. An mltbx file stores toolbox package.

mlua-file-extension
mlua-file-description SciTE file
mlua-file-description A mlua file extension is related to the SciTE source code editing tool.

mlv-file-extension
mlv-file-description LabVIEW Mathscript data
mlv-file-description Files with mlv file extension can be quite often found as special mathscripts from LabVIEW software.

mlw-file-extension
mlw-file-description MainLog data
mlw-file-description An mlw file extension is related to the MainLog, a mudlogging app for Windows.

mlx-file-extension
mlx-file-description Meshlab filter script
mlx-file-description Files with mlx extension might be nowadays mostly encountered as scripts from Meshlab mesh processing tool.

mly-file-extension
mly-file-description OCaml ocamlyacc input data
mly-file-description An mly file extension is related to the OCaml ocamlyacc input files.

mm-file-extension
mm-file-description Apple Xcode core Objective-C program source code
mm-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe MM file extension!

mm1-file-extension
mm1-file-description ActiveXperts MMS Toolkit settings
mm1-file-description An mm1 file extension is related to the ActiveXperts SMS & MMS Toolkit. An mm1 file contains settings.

mm2in-file-extension
mm2in-file-description MM2 Input chemical modeller input
mm2in-file-description An mm2in file extension is related to the MM2 Input chemical modeler input file format.

mm3-file-extension
mm3-file-description MM3 chemical modeller output/input data
mm3-file-description An mm3 file extension is related to the MM3 chemical modeller output/input data format.

mm3d-file-extension
mm3d-file-description Misfit Model 3D data
mm3d-file-description An mm3d file extension is related to the Misfit Model 3D software and used for its 3D data files.

mm4-file-extension
mm4-file-description Microsoft Windows word processing format
mm4-file-description An mm4 file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows word processing format.

mm6-file-extension
mm6-file-description Might and Magic 6 saved game
mm6-file-description An mm6 file extension is associated with the Might and Magic 6 a RPG computer game. An mm6 file contains saved game position.

mm7-file-extension
mm7-file-description Might and Magic 7 saved game
mm7-file-description An mm7 file extension is related to the Might and Magic 7 video game. An mm7 file contains saved game.

mm8-file-extension
mm8-file-description MusicMaker V8 audio file
mm8-file-description Files with mm8 extension are used by the MusicMaker program as an audio files.

mma-file-extension
mma-file-description Master Album Maker album
mma-file-description Files with mma file extension were used by the Master Album Maker program.

mmads-file-extension
mmads-file-description MMADS chemical modeller input or output file
mmads-file-description Files with MMADS extension are chemical modeller data files.

mman-file-extension
mman-file-description Claris emailer file
mman-file-description Files with MMAN extension can be found as part of old Claris program. Emailer file.

mmap-file-extension
mmap-file-description MindManager mind map
mmap-file-description Files with mmap file extension can be found as mind maps from MindManager program. It is document in binary file format compressed with ZIP compression method.

mmas-file-extension
mmas-file-description MindManager theme
mmas-file-description An mmas file extension is associated with the MindManager software and used for its theme files.

mmat-file-extension
mmat-file-description MindManager template
mmat-file-description An mmat file extension is associated with the MindManager, a mind mapping software. An mmat file stores template.

mmb-file-extension
mmb-file-description MultiMedia Builder data
mmb-file-description An mmb file extension is related to MultiMedia Builder software used to create autorun menus and front-ends for CDs.

mmbas-file-extension
mmbas-file-description MindManager 7 macro
mmbas-file-description An mmbas file extension is related to the MindManager version 7 and used for its macros.

mmc-file-extension
mmc-file-description Microsoft Office XP media content file
mmc-file-description Files with mmc extension are used for Microsoft Office office suite. Mmc files include media content for Microsoft Office Clip Gallery.

mmch-file-extension
mmch-file-description CodeWarrior compiled hdr data
mmch-file-description An mmch file extension is related to the CodeWarrior development tool. An mmch file contains compiled hdr data.

mmcollection-file-extension
mmcollection-file-description Microsoft Outlook Mail Manager plug-in collection file
mmcollection-file-description Files with mmcollection extension are used by the Microsoft Outlook Mail Manager plug-in.

mmd-file-extension
mmd-file-description MacroModel molecular mechanics file
mmd-file-description Files with mmd suffix can be typically encountered as data files saved in special MacroModel molecular mechanics format.

mmd0-file-extension
mmd0-file-description Foobar2000 data
mmd0-file-description An mmd0 file extension is related to the Foobar2000 a multimedia playback software.

mmdb-file-extension
mmdb-file-description Molecular Modeling Database format
mmdb-file-description Files with mmdb extension might be found as data files in Molecular Modeling Database format.

mmdc-file-extension
mmdc-file-description MediaMonkey mobile device settings
mmdc-file-description An mmdc file extension is related to MediaMonkey multimedia software and used for its mobile device settings.

mmdf-file-extension
mmdf-file-description Multi-channel Memorandum Distribution Facility mailbox format
mmdf-file-description An mmdf file extension is associated with the Multi-channel Memorandum Distribution Facility mailbox file format.

mmdl-file-extension
mmdl-file-description SAPPHIRE Structure model
mmdl-file-description An mmdl file extension is related to the SAPPHIRE Structure and used for its model files.

mmdr-file-extension
mmdr-file-description Adobe Director file
mmdr-file-description The .mmdr file extension is related to the Adobe Director a video editing software.

mme-file-extension
mme-file-description Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions
mme-file-description An mme file extension is related to the Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions file format.

mmedica-file-extension
mmedica-file-description Unknown file extension
mmedica-file-description Files with mmedica file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mmf-file-extension
mmf-file-description Microsoft Mail message
mmf-file-description Files with mff extension can be found as older email messages from Microsoft Mail service from the times of Windows NT operating system.

mmg-file-extension
mmg-file-description MKVToolNix muxing settings
mmg-file-description An mmg file extension is related to the MKVToolNix and used for its muxing settings.

mmh-file-extension
mmh-file-description Dragon Age Model Mesh Heirarchy file
mmh-file-description Files with mmh extension are associated with Dragon Age computer game series.

mmi-file-extension
mmi-file-description Media Processing Server Studio index
mmi-file-description Files with mmi file extension are related to the Media Processing Server Studio index.

mmip-file-extension
mmip-file-description MediaMonkey installation file
mmip-file-description Files with mmip extension are used by MediaMonkey software. This file format allows user to install some extensions and skins into the MediaMonkey application.

mmj-file-extension
mmj-file-description MobileMapper Office job
mmj-file-description An mmj file extension is related to the MobileMapper Office and used for its job files.

mmjb-file-extension
mmjb-file-description MUSICMATCH Jukebox data
mmjb-file-description An mmjb file extension is related to the Musicmatch Jukebox from Yahoo.

mmjb_mime-file-extension
mmjb_mime-file-description MUSICMATCH Jukebox file
mmjb_mime-file-description The mmjb_mime file extension is related to the Musicmatch Jukebox and used for its data files.

mmjproject-file-extension
mmjproject-file-description MAGIX Music Maker jam project
mmjproject-file-description An mmjproject file extension is associated with the Music Maker for Microsoft Windows. An mmjproject file stores jam project.

mmjs-file-extension
mmjs-file-description Adobe JavaScript document
mmjs-file-description An mmjs file extension is related to the Adobe Dreamweaver development environment. An mmjs file stores Adobe JavaScript document.

mmk-file-extension
mmk-file-description MACSIMUS define data
mmk-file-description An mmk file extension is related to the MACSIMUS and used for its define files.

mml-file-extension
mml-file-description Adobe FrameMaker document properties
mml-file-description Files with mml extension can mostly found as documents made using Adobe FrameMaker word processing software.

mmlic-file-extension
mmlic-file-description Mobile Master license
mmlic-file-description An mmlic file extension is related to the Mobile Master and used for its license files.

mmlp-file-extension
mmlp-file-description Music Macro Language project
mmlp-file-description An mmlp file extension is related to the Music Macro Language project.

mmm-file-extension
mmm-file-description MAGIX Music Maker audio arrangement data
mmm-file-description Files with mmm file suffix are in most cases audio arrangement files saved in MAGIX Music Maker software.

mmmp-file-extension
mmmp-file-description MindManager Pro 7 map part
mmmp-file-description An mmmp file extension is related to the MindManager Pro 7 and used for its map parts.

mmms-file-extension
mmms-file-description MindManager 7 map marker list
mmms-file-description An mmms file extension is related to the MindManager 7 and used for its map marker list.

mmn-file-extension
mmn-file-description Memory-Map Navigator overlay object
mmn-file-description An mmn file extension is related to the Memory-Map Navigator and used for its overlay objects.

mmo-file-extension
mmo-file-description RapidFile memo document
mmo-file-description An mmo file extension is related to the RapidFile file manager. An mmo file contains document.

mmod-file-extension
mmod-file-description MacroModel Molecular Mechanics
mmod-file-description Detailed description

mmp-file-extension
mmp-file-description MixMeister Studio playlist
mmp-file-description An mmp file extension is related to the MixMeister Studio and used for its playlist files.

mmpa-file-extension
mmpa-file-description MoreMotion Application Studio page data
mmpa-file-description An mmpa file extension is related to the MoreMotion Application Studio and used for its page files.

mmpf-file-extension
mmpf-file-description CodeWarrior preference file
mmpf-file-description The MMPF file extension is related to the CodeWarrior IDE. The *.mmpf file contains preference data.

mmpr-file-extension
mmpr-file-description CodeWarrior project
mmpr-file-description An mmpr file extension is related to the CodeWarrior development environment and used for its project files.

mmpt-file-extension
mmpt-file-description MindManager map template
mmpt-file-description An mmpt file extension is related to the MindManager mind map software. An mmpt file contains map template.

mmpz-file-extension
mmpz-file-description Linux MultiMedia Studio project
mmpz-file-description An mmpz file extension is related to the Linux MultiMedia Studio and used for its project files.

mmr-file-extension
mmr-file-description Fuji Xerox fax image
mmr-file-description An mmr file extension is related to the Fuji Xerox fax image file format. Seems to be obsolete format.

mmrc-file-extension
mmrc-file-description MADRIX MIDI remote configuration file
mmrc-file-description Files with mmrc extension is related to the MADRIX, a light effects management control program. An mmrc file stores remote configuration.

mms-file-extension
mms-file-description Multimedia Messaging Service message
mms-file-description Files with mms extension can be most often found as multimedia messages saved in special Multimedia Messaging Service message file format. An .mms file stores multimedia objects (images, audio, video, rich text) sent through mobile phones with MMS support.

mmsw-file-extension
mmsw-file-description Movie Magic Screenwriter document
mmsw-file-description Files with mmsw file extension are in most cases documents made and saved using the Movie Magic Screenwriter word processing tool for Windows and Mac.

mmsyscache-file-extension
mmsyscache-file-description Google Android system cache
mmsyscache-file-description Files with mmsyscache file extension can be usually found as generated system cache files on Android based devices.

mmt-file-extension
mmt-file-description CoCo Systems VisiMap data
mmt-file-description Files with mmt file extension can be found as data files from VisiMap software.

mmu-file-extension
mmu-file-description myPM Merge data
mmu-file-description An mmu file extension is related to the myPM Merge and used for its data files.

mmv-file-extension
mmv-file-description MicroMV movie
mmv-file-description Files with mmv extension can be typically found as videos in the MicroMV video tape format developed by Sony. Was used in the past for movies.

mmw-file-extension
mmw-file-description AceMoney financial data
mmw-file-description An mmw file extension is related to the AceMoney, a personal finance management tool. An mmw file stores financial data.

mmx-file-extension
mmx-file-description Command and Conquer game data
mmx-file-description An nmx file extension is related to the Command and Conquer game data.

mmz-file-extension
mmz-file-description MusicMatch theme file
mmz-file-description Files with mmz extension are used by the MusicMatch JukeBox to change the look of the program.

mm_-file-extension
mm_-file-description Unknown file extension
mm_-file-description Files with mm_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mn-file-extension
mn-file-description MATlab data
mn-file-description Files with mn file extension are used by MATlab from MathWorks, Inc. An mn file contains data.

mn1-file-extension
mn1-file-description Microsoft Money version 1 data
mn1-file-description An mn1 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money and used for its data files.

mn2-file-extension
mn2-file-description Descent 2 mission data
mn2-file-description An mn2 file extension is related to the Descent 2 video game. An mn2 file stores mission data.

mn3-file-extension
mn3-file-description Descent 3 mission data
mn3-file-description Files with mn3 file extension can be found as mission files for Descent 3 computer game.

mn4-file-extension
mn4-file-description Microsoft Money 95 data file
mn4-file-description Files with mn4 extension are used by the Microsoft Money software.

mn5-file-extension
mn5-file-description Microsoft Money 97 data
mn5-file-description An mn5 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money, a finance management software. An mn5 file contains accounting data.

mn6-file-extension
mn6-file-description Microsoft Money 98 data file
mn6-file-description Files with mn6 extension are used by the Microsoft Money software.

mn7-file-extension
mn7-file-description Microsoft Money 99 data
mn7-file-description An mn7 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money and used for its accounting data.

mn8-file-extension
mn8-file-description Microsoft Money 2000 data file
mn8-file-description Files with mn8 extension are used by the Microsoft Money software.

mn9-file-extension
mn9-file-description Microsoft Money 2001 data
mn9-file-description An mn9 file extension is related to the Microsoft Money and used for its data files.

mnb-file-extension
mnb-file-description MuPAD data
mnb-file-description Files with mnb file extension can be mainly found as part of MuPAD software platform.

mnc-file-extension
mnc-file-description AutoCAD compiled menu
mnc-file-description An mnc file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a CAD and CAM solution for Windows and Mac. An mnc file contains compiled menu.

mnd-file-extension
mnd-file-description AutoCAD Menu Compiler data
mnd-file-description An mnd file extension is related to the AutoCAD and used for its menu compiler data.

mne-file-extension
mne-file-description Microsoft Money data
mne-file-description Files with mne file extension could be in the past found as part of now discontinued Microsoft Money personal finance management software.

mnf-file-extension
mnf-file-description ADAMS/Flex model neutral data
mnf-file-description Files with mmf extension are in most cases data files from ADAMS/Flex motion analysis software.

mnft-file-extension
mnft-file-description Video manifest data
mnft-file-description An mnft file extension is related to the video manifest data files.

mng-file-extension-delorme-map-file-extension
mng-file-description -delorme-map-file-description DeLorme map file extension
mng-file-description -delorme-map-file-description An nmg file extension is associated with the Street Atlas USA DeLorme map file extension.

mng-file-extension
mng-file-description Corel PaintShop Pro animation
mng-file-description An mng file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Pro software. An mng file contains animation data.

mni-file-extension
mni-file-description Star Trek Elite Force 2 game file
mni-file-description Files with mni extension are known as a game files for Star Trek Elite Force 2.

mnit-file-extension
mnit-file-description FlashPeak SlimBrowser file
mnit-file-description Detailed description

mnk-file-extension
mnk-file-description My Notes Keeper notebook data
mnk-file-description An mnk file extension is related to the My Notes Keeper and used for its notebook files.

mnl-file-extension
mnl-file-description AutoCAD menu LISP script
mnl-file-description An mnl file extensions are used for Autodesk AutoCAD to manage behavior of user interface elements.

mnm-file-extension
mnm-file-description Autodesk 3D Studio Max Character Studio marker name file
mnm-file-description Files with mnm extension are used by 3D Studio Max. They store names of markers in 3D biped character.

mno-file-extension
mno-file-description Adobe Dreamweaver configuration commands
mno-file-description An mno file extension is related to the Adobe Dreamweaver configuration commands file format.

mnp-file-extension
mnp-file-description Ultrasoft Money file
mnp-file-description Files with mnp extension are used for Ultrasoft Money application. They are created on its first run of the application.

mnr-file-extension
mnr-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
mnr-file-description An mnr file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type, dictation software. An mnr file contains languages newuser data.

mns-file-extension
mns-file-description AutoCAD interface settings
mns-file-description An mns file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a CAD modeling solution for Windows and Mac. An mns file stores interface settings.

mnt-file-extension
mnt-file-description Visual FoxPro additional menu description data
mnt-file-description Files with mnt file extension can be found as files with additional menu description data for Visual FoxPro.

mntr-file-extension
mntr-file-description XANSYS data
mntr-file-description An mntr file extension is related to the XANSYS and used for its data files.

mnu-file-extension
mnu-file-description MS-DOS mouse menu
mnu-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe MNU file extension!

mnv-file-extension
mnv-file-description Sony PlayStation 3 movie
mnv-file-description An mnv file extension is related to the digital movie format used by Sony PlayStation 3 and Sony PlayStation Portable gaming consoles.

mnx-file-extension
mnx-file-description Visual FoxPro main (DBF) menu description
mnx-file-description An mnx file extension is related to the Visual FoxPro, a database development software. An mnx file stores menu description.

mny-file-extension
mny-file-description Microsoft Money data
mny-file-description An mny file extension is associated with the Microsoft Money a personal finance management software. An mny file stores some kind of accounting data.

mo-file-extension
mo-file-description Modula-3 object
mo-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe MO file extension!

mo3-file-extension
mo3-file-description MO3 MOD audio format
mo3-file-description An mo3 file extension is related to the MO3 MOD audio format used to compress tracker modules with MP3 compression.

mo%3F-file-extension
mo%3F-file-description Standard mail archive
mo%3F-file-description An mo? file extension is related to the standard mail archive format.

mob-file-extension
mob-file-description Master of Orion 3 game data
mob-file-description A mob file extension is associated with the Master of Orion 3, a turn based strategic computer game. A mob file stores various game data.

moba-file-extension
moba-file-description MobaXterm data
moba-file-description Files with moba file extension are related to the MobaXterm software for Windows.

mobile-file-extension
mobile-file-description Unknown file extension
mobile-file-description Files with mobile file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

mobilebackups-file-extension
mobilebackups-file-description Apple macOS backup
mobilebackups-file-description A mobilebackups file extension is related to the Mac OS X (also known as macOS) operating system. A mobilebackups directory stores backup from Time Machine.

mobileconfig-file-extension
mobileconfig-file-description Apple iPhone mobile configuration profile
mobileconfig-file-description A mobileconfig file extension is related to one of the configuration files for Apple iOS devices.

mobileprovision-file-extension
mobileprovision-file-description iOS mobile device provisioning profile
mobileprovision-file-description A mobileprovision file extension is related to Apple iOS mobile device provisioning profile files.

moc-file-extension
moc-file-description MOCHA Java script
moc-file-description Files with moc file extension are scripts for the Mocha video post-production software. Most likely used to automate certain operations.

mocha-file-extension
mocha-file-description Adobe Mocha for Adobe After Effects file
mocha-file-description Files with mocha extension are associated with Adobe Mocha program. They include some graphics data.

modd-file-extension
modd-file-description Picture Motion Browser data
modd-file-description Files with modd extension can be most often found as metadata for clips or pictures managed or edited using Picture Motion Browser that is used to manage and edit digital photos.

mode-file-extension
mode-file-description Coda for Mac plugin file
mode-file-description Files with mode extension are used by the Coda web designing tool. They include some plugin data for the program.

mode1v3-file-extension
mode1v3-file-description Xcode project settings
mode1v3-file-description A mode1v3 file extension is related to the Xcode programming environment and used for its project settings files.

mode2v3-file-extension
mode2v3-file-description Xcode project related data
mode2v3-file-description A mode2v3 file extension is related to the Xcode and used for its project related files.

model-file-extension
model-file-description CATIA V4 model
model-file-description Files with model extension can be often found as 3D models or parts prepared and saved using the CATIA V4 CAD application.

modelproj-file-extension
modelproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio modeling project
modelproj-file-description A modelproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development environment. A modelproj file stores modeling project.

modinfo-file-extension
modinfo-file-description Civilization 5 mod information
modinfo-file-description A modinfo file extension is associated with the Civilization 5, a video game from Firaxis Games.

modpak-file-extension
modpak-file-description Starbound compressed mod
modpak-file-description Files with modpak file extension can be typically found as data packages from Starbound computer game.

mods-file-extension
mods-file-description Mozilla XULRunner data
mods-file-description A mods file extension is related to the Mozilla XULRunner runtime package.

module-file-extension
module-file-description Microsoft Expression Web PHP script
module-file-description A module file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web PHP script format.

modulo-file-extension
modulo-file-description Unknown file extension
modulo-file-description Files with modulo file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

modus-file-extension
modus-file-description Adobe Mocha for Adobe After Effects modus
modus-file-description A modus file extension is related to the Adobe Mocha for Adobe After Effects. A modus file stores effects.

moe-file-extension
moe-file-description Molecular Operating Environment data
moe-file-description Files with moe extension might be found as part of Molecular Operating Environment file.

mof-file-extension
mof-file-description Systems Management Server managed object format
mof-file-description A mof file extension is related to the Systems Management Server developed by Microsoft. A mof file stores data in managed object format.

moff-file-extension
moff-file-description Sony AVCHD index
moff-file-description A moff file extension is used by Sony digital camcorders for AVHCD index files. They are stored index data used to analyze captured video records with Sony Picture Motion Browser application.

mog-file-extension
mog-file-description Football Mogul game data
mog-file-description A mog file extension is related to the Football Mogul video game. A mog file contains game data.

mogg-file-extension
mogg-file-description Multitrack digital audio format
mogg-file-description Files with mogg file extension are typically found as audio containers for multiple OGG sound tracks.

mogrt-file-extension
mogrt-file-description Adobe Motion Graphics template
mogrt-file-description An mogrt file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects and Preiere Pro. An mogrt file stores template.

moh-file-extension
moh-file-description WavePad data
moh-file-description A moh file extension is related to the WavePad and used for its data files.

moho-file-extension
moho-file-description Anime Studio animation project
moho-file-description An moho file extension is related to the Anime Studio Pro, an animation program for Windows. An moho file stores project.

moi-file-extension
moi-file-description JVC Everio information data
moi-file-description Files with moi extension can be found as information files saved by JVC Everio camcorders.

mojito-file-extension
mojito-file-description Limewire Kademlia data
mojito-file-description Files with .mojito file extension might be found as part of Limewire software.

mokey-file-extension
mokey-file-description Adobe Mocha for Adobe After Effects effect
mokey-file-description A mokey file extension is related to the Adobe Mocha for Adobe After Effects. A mokey file contains effects.

mol-file-extension
mol-file-description MDL Molfile molecule data
mol-file-description Files with mol file extension are in most cases molecular data that are used in several chemical modeling tools.

mol2-file-extension
mol2-file-description Portable representation of a SYBYL molecule file format
mol2-file-description A mol2 file extension is related to the Portable representation of a SYBYL molecule file format.

mole-file-extension
mole-file-description CryptoMix (variant) ransomware affected data
mole-file-description Files with mole extension can be most often found as files which have been affected by the CryptoMix ransomware.

mologiq-file-extension
mologiq-file-description HTC EVO 3D data
mologiq-file-description A mologiq file stores various data used for internal purposes of the HTC EVO 3D phone.

mom-file-extension
mom-file-description Xcode compiled core database data model file format
mom-file-description A mom file extension is related to the Xcode and used for its compiled core database data model file format.

moml-file-extension
moml-file-description Modeling Markup Language document
moml-file-description A moml file suffix is associated with the Modeling Markup Language document format.

momma-file-extension
momma-file-description Offspring Fling replay
momma-file-description A momma file extension is related to Offspring Fling an action platform computer game. A momma file stores game replay.

mon-file-extension
mon-file-description Firefox monday bookmark backup
mon-file-description Files with mon file extension can be usually found as bookmarks backups from some versions of Firefox web browser. Monday backups have this extension by default.

mon2-file-extension
mon2-file-description UltraSite graphical status data
mon2-file-description A file extension mon2 is related to the UltraSite program from Emerson. An mon2 file stores graphical status data.

monet-file-extension
monet-file-description Adobe Mocha for Adobe After Effects monet data
monet-file-description A monet file extension is related to the Adobe Mocha and used for its monet data files.

moneywell-file-extension
moneywell-file-description MoneyWell financial data file
moneywell-file-description Detailed description

monitor-file-extension
monitor-file-description HP Printer Utility monitor plugin
monitor-file-description A .monitor file extension is related to the HP Printer Utility and used for its monitor plugin.

monitorpanel-file-extension
monitorpanel-file-description Apple Mac display panel plug-in file type
monitorpanel-file-description A monitorpanel file extension is related to the macOS (OS X) and used for its panel plug-ins.

mono-file-extension
mono-file-description Bi-level bitmap
mono-file-description Files with mono file extension can be mainly found as raster graphics files in bi-level bitmap file format.

montage-file-extension
montage-file-description Montage screenplay document
montage-file-description A .montage file extension is related to the Montage software. A montage file contains screenplay document.

monte-file-extension
monte-file-description CRiSP Harvest data
monte-file-description Files with monte file extension can be found as configuration files for CRiSP Harvest fish harvesting simulation software.

moo-file-extension
moo-file-description Apple QuickTime movie clip file
moo-file-description Files with moo extension are used by the Apple QuickTime program. They include movie clip data.

mood-file-extension
mood-file-description Amarok moodbar data
mood-file-description A mood file extension is related to the Amarok moodbar data format.

moov-file-extension
moov-file-description Apple QuickTime movie file
moov-file-description Files with moov extension were used by Apple QuickTime program.

mop-file-extension
mop-file-description MOPAC Input format
mop-file-description Files with mop file extension can be found as chemical input data files from Molecular Orbital Package - MOPAC.

mop7-file-extension
mop7-file-description Merge 7 data
mop7-file-description An mop7 file extension is related to the Merge software for Windows and OS X (macOS).

mopint-file-extension
mopint-file-description Mopac Internal chemical modeller input file
mopint-file-description Files with MOPINT extension can be found as chemical data files from MOPAC software.

mopout-file-extension
mopout-file-description MOPAC chemical output
mopout-file-description Files with mopout file extension can be generally found as chemical output data files from MOPAC program.

mopp-file-extension
mopp-file-description Havok Engine data
mopp-file-description A mopp file extension is related to the Havoc Engine and used for its data files.

mor-file-extension
mor-file-description Corel Shared Writing Tools data
mor-file-description A mor file extension is related to the Corel Shared Writing Tools data format.

morg-file-extension
morg-file-description morg file
morg-file-description Files with morg extension are used by the same-named command line file system.

morse-file-extension
morse-file-description Ringtone morse code file
morse-file-description Files with the morse extension are written mobile ringtones and they are created in Morse code.

mos-file-extension
mos-file-description Mamiya Digital Camera RAW image
mos-file-description Files with mos file extension are mainly RAW photo pictures created in Mamiya Digital Cameras.

mosaic-file-extension
mosaic-file-description MacOSaiX mosaic data
mosaic-file-description A mosaic file extension is related to the MacOSaiX software. A .mosaic file stores mosaic data.

moss-file-extension
moss-file-description Netscape Navigator for Mac HTML document
moss-file-description An moss file extension is related to the Netscape Navigator. An moss file stores HTML document.

mot-file-extension
mot-file-description Linux load instructions
mot-file-description A mot file extension is related to Linux operating system and used for its load instructions files.

motbin-file-extension
motbin-file-description Motorola JADE ringtone
motbin-file-description A motbin file extension is related to the Motorola JADE ringtone file format.

motn-file-extension
motn-file-description Apple Motion motion data
motn-file-description Files with motn extension are motion files from Apple Motion program, distributed as a part of Apple Final Cut Pro.

motor-file-extension
motor-file-description Adobe Mocha motor data
motor-file-description A .motor file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects motor file format.

mou-file-extension
mou-file-description MOU compressed format
mou-file-description A mou file extension is related to the WinMount, a compression and virtual disk tool and used for its compression format.

mov%2C-file-extension
mov%2C-file-description Switch data
mov%2C-file-description A mov, file extension is related to the Switch Audio File Converter Software.

movie-file-extension
movie-file-description Apple QuickTime movie
movie-file-description A movie file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime and used for its movie files.

mox-file-extension
mox-file-description ExtendSim model
mox-file-description A mox file extension is related to the ExtendSim, a 2D simulation program. A mox file contains model.

moxel-file-extension
moxel-file-description Adobe Mocha for Adobe After Effects moxel file
moxel-file-description Detailed description

moz-file-extension
moz-file-description Netscape temporary cache
moz-file-description Files with moz file extension can be found as temporary files generated by Netscape Navigator and other web browsers, like Firefox and Seamonkey.

moz-backup-file-extension
moz-backup-file-description Mozilla backup
moz-backup-file-description A moz-backup file extension is related to the Mozilla software. A moz-backup file stores backup.

moz-delete-file-extension
moz-delete-file-description Mozilla Firefox update data
moz-delete-file-description Files with moz-delete extension are related to the Mozilla Firefox web browser. These are used for updating purposes.

moz-upgrade-file-extension
moz-upgrade-file-description Mozilla Firefox upgrade data
moz-upgrade-file-description A moz-upgrade file extension is related to Mozilla Firefox web browser.

mozconfig-file-extension
mozconfig-file-description Mozilla Firefox configuration data
mozconfig-file-description An mozconfig file extension is related to the Mozilla Firefox and Thunderbird software. An mozconfig file stores configuration.

mozeml-file-extension
mozeml-file-description Mozilla Thunderbird mail message
mozeml-file-description Files with mozeml file extension can be found as older mail messages saved in Mozilla Thunderbird email client.

mvt-file-extension
mvt-file-description Ultimate Wish Lists template file
mvt-file-description Files with mvt extension are used for the Ultimate Wish Lists. They include wish list templates.

mvtx-file-extension
mvtx-file-description MindView template
mvtx-file-description An mvtx file extension is associated with the MindView program. An mvtx file contains template.

mvv-file-extension
mvv-file-description AVS Media Player MPEG video file
mvv-file-description Files with mvv extension are used for the AVS MediaPlayer. They contain video data in lossy compression video format.

mvw-file-extension
mvw-file-description Saber LAN log
mvw-file-description An mvw file extension is related to the Saber LAN log file format.

mvx-file-extension
mvx-file-description Multimedia Fusion movement extension
mvx-file-description An mvx file extension is associated with the Multimedia Fusion and used for its movement extension data.

mvy-file-extension
mvy-file-description MAGIX Video easy project
mvy-file-description Files with mvy file extension can be usually found as projects created and saved in MAGIX Video easy program. Used for editing and creating of home videos.

mv_-file-extension
mv_-file-description Magix Movie Edit Pro movie backup
mv_-file-description An mv_ file extension is related to the Magix Movie Edit Pro developed by MAGIX. An mv_ file stores backup of edited movie.

mw-file-extension
mw-file-description MediaWiki structured text file
mw-file-description Files with mw suffix can also be found as wiki documents in MediaWiki format. Used on various wiki websites.

mw2-file-extension
mw2-file-description MicroWorlds logo activity data
mw2-file-description An mw2 file extension is related to the MicroWords program and used for its logo activity data.

mw2d-file-extension
mw2d-file-description Apple MacWrite file
mw2d-file-description Detailed description

mw2s-file-extension
mw2s-file-description MacWrite II model file
mw2s-file-description Detailed description

mw4-file-extension
mw4-file-description MechWarrior game structure file archive
mw4-file-description Files with mw4 file extension are used for MechWarrior computer game. They store game data like maps, files...

mwa-file-extension
mwa-file-description MicroWorlds EX turtle data
mwa-file-description An mwa file extension is related to the MicroWords EX education and coding application. An mwa file stores turtle.

mwand-file-extension
mwand-file-description Apple GarageBand MagicMentor tepmplate
mwand-file-description An mwand file extension is related to the Apple GarageBand music editing app and used for its MagicMentor template files.

mwav-file-extension
mwav-file-description Extended WAV data
mwav-file-description Files with mwav file extension might be found as extended *.wav audio files.

mwb-file-extension
mwb-file-description MySQL Workbench database models
mwb-file-description Files with mwb extension are mainly related to the MySQL Workbench and used for its database structure and model files.

mwc-file-extension
mwc-file-description Make Project Creator input file
mwc-file-description Files with mwc extension are used for Make Project Creator application. They include some data files.

mwd-file-extension
mwd-file-description Mariner Write document
mwd-file-description An mwd file extension is related to the Mariner Write and used to store document data.

mwdeck-file-extension
mwdeck-file-description Magic Workstation deck data
mwdeck-file-description An mwdeck file extension is related to the Magic Workstation and used for its deck files.

mwdp-file-extension
mwdp-file-description CodeWarrior Debugger file
mwdp-file-description Files with MWDP extension might be found as part of CodeWarrior Debugger.

mwe-file-extension
mwe-file-description openArchitectureWare workflow file
mwe-file-description Files with mwe extension are associated with Java application developed by Oracle Corporation.

mwf-file-extension
mwf-file-description Autodesk MapGuide data
mwf-file-description An mwf file extension is related to the Autodesk MapGuide and used for its data files.

mwi-file-extension
mwi-file-description Medlin Payroll Software invoice layout information
mwi-file-description An mwi file extension is related to the Payroll Software. An mwi file stores invoice layout information.

mwii-file-extension
mwii-file-description MacWrite II text document
mwii-file-description Files with mwII file extension can be found as text documents from old MacWrite II program for Apple computers.

mwk-file-extension
mwk-file-description MusicWrite music score file
mwk-file-description Files with mwk extension are used for the QuickScore Elite program. They include some audio data.

mwlic-file-extension
mwlic-file-description MoneyWell license information file
mwlic-file-description Detailed description

mwm-file-extension
mwm-file-description Space Engineers model
mwm-file-description An mwm file extension is related to the Space Engineers computer game. An mwm file stores game model.

mwp-file-extension
mwp-file-description STEP7-Micro WIN program
mwp-file-description Files with mwp extension can be usually encountered as programming instructions made using STEP7-Micro/WIN software for programming logic controllers.

mwpd-file-extension
mwpd-file-description MacWrite Pro document file
mwpd-file-description Detailed description

mwpp-file-extension
mwpp-file-description MacWrite Pro document file
mwpp-file-description Detailed description

mwpr-file-extension
mwpr-file-description MacWrite Pro file
mwpr-file-description Detailed description

mwps-file-extension
mwps-file-description Need for Speed: Most Wanted car attributes
mwps-file-description An mwps file extension is related to the Need for Speed: Most Wanted video game. An mwps file stores car attributes.

mws-file-extension
mws-file-description Maple spreadsheet document
mws-file-description An mws file extension is related to the Maple, a computing tool and used for its spreadsheet documents.

mwt-file-extension
mwt-file-description MetaStock stock analysis template
mwt-file-description Files with mwt file extension are used by MetaStock software. An mwt file contains stock analysis template.

mwv-file-extension
mwv-file-description MediaWorks data
mwv-file-description An mnw file extension is related to the MediaWorks data format.

mww-file-extension
mww-file-description Music Works data
mww-file-description An mww file extension is related to the Music Works and used for main files of Music Works.

mwx-file-extension
mwx-file-description Autodesk MapGuide author map window XML data
mwx-file-description An mwx file extension is related to the MapGuide, a web-based map platform. An mwx file contains author map window XML data.

mwz-file-extension
mwz-file-description Maple worksheet
mwz-file-description An mwz file extension is related to the Maple software from Waterloo Maple. An mwz file contains worksheet.

mx-file-extension
mx-file-description Modula-3 linker information
mx-file-description An mx file extension is related to Modula-3 programming language. An mx file stores information from linker.

mx1-file-extension
mx1-file-description coucoucircus.org audio temporary data
mx1-file-description An mx1 file extension is related to the coucoucircus.org on-line service. An mx1 file stores temporary audio data in MP3 format.

mx2-file-extension
mx2-file-description MasterCook recipe
mx2-file-description Files with mx2 file extension can be found as recipes from the MasterCook recipe and cookbook management app.

mx3-file-extension
mx3-file-description Mixcraft project
mx3-file-description Files with mx3 file extension are projects for Mixcraft audio recording and editing software.

mx4-file-extension
mx4-file-description Mixcraft 4 audio
mx4-file-description An mx4 file extension is related ot the Mixcraft 4, a multi-track audio editing tool. An mx4 file contains audio data.

mx5-file-extension
mx5-file-description Mixcraft 5 audio project
mx5-file-description An mx5 file extension is related to the Mixcraft 5 a multi-track recorder and audio composing software. An mx5 file contains audio.

mx5template-file-extension
mx5template-file-description Mixcraft audio project template
mx5template-file-description An mx5template file extension is related to the Mixcraft, a multimedia track recorder. An mx5template file stores project template.

mx6-file-extension
mx6-file-description Mixcraft 6 audio
mx6-file-description An mx6 file extension is related to the Mixcraft multi-track recording software and used for its audio files.

mxaddon-file-extension
mxaddon-file-description Maxthon add-on
mxaddon-file-description Files with mxaddon suffix are special plugins (add-ons) for the free Maxthon web browser.

mxc-file-extension
mxc-file-description ArcView geocoding index for read-write coverages
mxc-file-description An mxc file extension is related to the ArcView geocoding index for read-write coverages.

mxc2-file-extension
mxc2-file-description MAGIX Music Maker cache
mxc2-file-description Files with mxc2 file extension can be found as cache files from older MAGIX Music Maker software.

mxc3-file-extension
mxc3-file-description Magix Photo Manager thumbnail cache
mxc3-file-description An mxc3 file extension is related to Magix Photo Manager a photo editing software for Windows. An mxc3 file stores thumbnail cache.

mxcs-file-extension
mxcs-file-description Mandelbrot Explorer colour scheme file
mxcs-file-description Detailed description

mxd-file-extension
mxd-file-description ArcGIS map document
mxd-file-description Files with mxd extension are in most cases map documents created with ArcGIS geographic information system.

mxdic-file-extension
mxdic-file-description Maxthon dictionary
mxdic-file-description Files with mxdic file extension are associated with the Maxthon web browser.

mxdl-file-extension
mxdl-file-description Maxthon incomplete download
mxdl-file-description Files with mxdl extension are incomplete downloads saved in Maxthon web browser. These files should be renamed back to original file extension when the download is finished.

mxe-file-extension
mxe-file-description Corel Quattro Pro startup macro file
mxe-file-description Files with mxe extension are used for Corel Quattro Pro program. They include macros.

mxe64-file-extension
mxe64-file-description Max external object
mxe64-file-description Files with mxe64 file extension are associated with the Max external object format.

mxf-file-extension
mxf-file-description Material Exchange Format video
mxf-file-description Files with mxf extension can be most notably found as video files saved in the Material Exchange Format, a subset of Advanced Authoring Format. It is a container format used for multimedia content exchange between cameras, video recorders, computer systems etc.

mxfd-file-extension
mxfd-file-description ABBYY form
mxfd-file-description Files with mxfd extension can be mostly found as one of the forms used by ABBYY software.

mxfr-file-extension
mxfr-file-description Mandelbrot Explorer fractal region
mxfr-file-description An mxfr file extension is related to the Mandelbrot Explorer software. An mxfr file stores fractal region.

mxg-file-extension
mxg-file-description MX Editor MX-900 document
mxg-file-description An mxg file extension is related to settings document file created in the MX Editor for MX-900 and other URC remote control devices.

mxgrp-file-extension
mxgrp-file-description NI MASCHINE 2.x audio project related data
mxgrp-file-description Files with mxgrp file extension can be found as project related data saved using NI MASCHINE music production system version 2.x or higher.

mxi-file-extension
mxi-file-description Adobe Dreamweaver Extension Manager plugins package
mxi-file-description An mxi file is mainly used by Adobe Dreamweaver Extension Manager to import plugins to the Dreamweaver.

mxit-file-extension
mxit-file-description MXit data
mxit-file-description An mxit file extension is related to the MXit instant messaging client.

mxl-file-extension
mxl-file-description Compressed MusicXML music notation file
mxl-file-description An mxl file extension is related to the Compressed MusicXML notation format used to store music notation. An mxl format is used by ENCORE!, Capella, MuseScore and others.

mxls-file-extension
mxls-file-description MaxL encrypted script
mxls-file-description Files with mxls file suffix are related to the MaxL encrypted script format.

mxm-file-extension
mxm-file-description MixMeister BPM calculation data
mxm-file-description Files with mxm extension can be mainly found as BPM calculation data files from MixMeister program.

mxmf-file-extension
mxmf-file-description Mobile XMF format
mxmf-file-description An mxmf file extension is related to the Mobile XMF format from Nokia.

mxml-file-extension
mxml-file-description Adobe Flex interface component
mxml-file-description An mxml file extension is related to some XML markup language developed my Macromedia (later Adobe Systems).

mxo-file-extension
mxo-file-description Max external object
mxo-file-description An mxo file extension is associated with the Max external object format.

mxp-file-extension
mxp-file-description Adobe (Macromedia) extension package
mxp-file-description An mxp file extension is related to the Adobe extension package file format used by Adobe apps, like Bridge, Contribute, Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Flash, Illustrator, InCopy, InDesign, and Photoshop.

mxpl-file-extension
mxpl-file-description MAGIX MP3 deluxe playlist
mxpl-file-description Files with mxpl file extension are related to the MAGIX MP3 deluxe software. An mxpl file contains playlist.

mxprj-file-extension
mxprj-file-description MxPro project
mxprj-file-description Files with mxprj file extension can be found as projects from MxPro genomics software. Used to save work in progress.

mxq-file-extension
mxq-file-description SA Chess data
mxq-file-description An mxq file extension is related to some kind of Chinese chess software.

mxr-file-extension
mxr-file-description MatrixREDUCE data format
mxr-file-description Files with mxr file extension are related to the MatrixREDUCE data format

mxs-file-extension
mxs-file-description Triscape Map Explorer data
mxs-file-description Files with mxs file extensions could be, especially in the past found as part of Triscape Map Explorer.

mxsd-file-extension
mxsd-file-description IBM WebSphere message definition
mxsd-file-description An mxsd file extension is related to the IBM WebSphere, a business application. An mxsd file stores message definitions.

mxskin-file-extension
mxskin-file-description Maxthon skin file
mxskin-file-description Files with mxskin extension are used by the Maxthon web browser. They store customization skins.

mxt-file-extension
mxt-file-description Programmer's WorkBench add-in
mxt-file-description An mxt file extension is related to the Programmer's WorkBench by Microsoft. An mxt file stores add-in.

mxtx-file-extension
mxtx-file-description MaxTrax music file
mxtx-file-description The MXTX file extension is related to the MaxTrax and used for its audio files.

mxu-file-extension
mxu-file-description MultiExchange Unit configuration
mxu-file-description An mxu file extension is related to the MultiExchange Unit MXU200R developed by Motorola for Iridium. An mxu file stores configuration data.

mxv-file-extension
mxv-file-description MAGIX Movie Edit Pro video
mxv-file-description An mxv file extension is related to the MAGIX Movie Edit Pro and used for its video data files.

mxx-file-extension
mxx-file-description Maxwell Render extension data
mxx-file-description An mxx file extension is related to the Maxwell Render and used for its extension files.

mxz-file-extension
mxz-file-description Maximizer data
mxz-file-description An mxz file extension is related to the Maximizer software. An mxz file stores data.

my-file-extension
my-file-description Audio data
my-file-description A my file extension is related to some kind of audio file format.

my3d-file-extension
my3d-file-description My3D Tools exported file
my3d-file-description The *.my3d file extension is related to the  My3D Tools and used for its exported files.

myapp-file-extension
myapp-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio application XML
myapp-file-description A myapp file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its application XML files.

myb-file-extension
myb-file-description MYOB data
myb-file-description Files with myb file extension can be mainly found as data files from MYOB accounting platform.

mybible-file-extension
mybible-file-description Bible database module
mybible-file-description Files with mybible file extension might be found as bible modules for Mysword Module for Android bible software.

myc-file-extension
myc-file-description Simply Safe backup archive
myc-file-description A myc file extension is related to the Simply Safe backup software and used for its backup archives.

mycolors-file-extension
mycolors-file-description Stardock MyColors data
mycolors-file-description A mycolors file extension is related to the Stardock MyColors and used for its data files.

myd-file-extension
myd-file-description MySQL database data
myd-file-description Files with myd extension are used for MySQL database data files that store table row data for MyISAM table. They are also included in MySQL database backups. Content of the myd file can be viewed in MySQL management tools, such as Navicat, EMS SQL Manager, MySQL Workbench etc.

mydocs-file-extension
mydocs-file-description Send to My Documents
mydocs-file-description A mydocs file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows operating system.

mye-file-extension
mye-file-description MYOB data file
mye-file-description Files with mye file extension can be found as data files from the MyOB accounting software for Windows.

myfourwalls-file-extension
myfourwalls-file-description MyFourWalls room model
myfourwalls-file-description A myfourwalls file extension is related to the MyFourWalls app for Mac. A myfourwalls file stores model.

myh-file-extension
myh-file-description myHouse project
myh-file-description A myh file extension is related to the myHouse project files.

myi-file-extension
myi-file-description MySQL database index
myi-file-description An myi file extension is associated with the MySQL a relational database management system. An myi file stores database index.

mylic-file-extension
mylic-file-description MySpeed license key
mylic-file-description A mylic file extension is related to the MySpeed program from Enounce. A mylic file stores license key.

myo-file-extension
myo-file-description MYOB data
myo-file-description Files with myo extension can be found as data files from MYOB, an accounting and financial management software.

myob-file-extension
myob-file-description MYOB data
myob-file-description A myob file extension is related to MYOB accounting applications. A myob file stores various data.

myox-file-extension
myox-file-description MYOB data backup
myox-file-description Files with myox file extension can be found as older data backup files from the MYOB accounting programs.

myp-file-extension
myp-file-description Warhammer Online: Age of Reckoning game data
myp-file-description Files with myp file extension are kindred to Warhammer Online: Age of Reckoning. Files mostly include in-game graphics data.

myr-file-extension
myr-file-description Harmony Assistant music file
myr-file-description Files with myr extension can be primarily found as music notation files saved in Harmony Assistant program from Myriad Software.

mys-file-extension
mys-file-description Myst saved game file
mys-file-description Files with mys extension are used by Myst computer game. It is a save game file.

mysql-file-extension
mysql-file-description MySQL data
mysql-file-description A mysql file extension is related to the MySQL, a relational database management system.

mysqli-file-extension
mysqli-file-description MySQL Native Driver for PHP data
mysqli-file-description Files with mysqli file extension are related to the MySQL Native Driver for PHP data.

myv-file-extension
myv-file-description Vivaldi Studio score file
myv-file-description Files with myv extension are used by the VivaldiStudio program. Ten include some audio data.

myw-file-extension
myw-file-description MyWorld Education drawing
myw-file-description Files with myw file extension can be found as older drawings from MyWorld Education software.

mz-file-extension
mz-file-description Mozart compressed data
mz-file-description Files with mz file extension can be found as compressed music documents made using Mozart music processor.

mz2-file-extension
mz2-file-description maze-solver MZ2 data
mz2-file-description An mz2 file extension is related to the maze-solver MZ2 data format.

mz5-file-extension
mz5-file-description Poser material binary data
mz5-file-description Files with mz5 file extension are used by Poser software from Smith Micro Software. An mz5 file stores material binary data.

mzb-file-extension
mzb-file-description MegaZeux board data
mzb-file-description An mzb file extension is related to the MegaZeux, a game creation system for Windows, Linux and macOS. An mzb file stores board data.

mzd-file-extension
mzd-file-description Mootzoid plugin
mzd-file-description An mzd file extension is associated with the Mootzoid tools. An mzd file contains plugin.

mze-file-extension
mze-file-description Maze Creator data
mze-file-description Files with mze file extension can be found as part of Maze Creator software.

mzf-file-extension
mzf-file-description MediaZip archive
mzf-file-description Files with mzf file extension are compressed archives from MediaZip utility.

mzip-file-extension
mzip-file-description Cisco IOS MZIP compressed image
mzip-file-description An mzip file extension is related to the Cisco IOS MZIP compressed image format.

mzp-file-extension
mzp-file-description Autodesk 3D Studio Max MAXScript zip package
mzp-file-description Files with mzp file extension are mainly found as ZIP compressed MaxScript packages used by 3D Studio Max software.

mzt-file-extension
mzt-file-description MOZART template
mzt-file-description Files with mzt file extension are templates for Mozart music notation software.

mzv-file-extension
mzv-file-description Viewpoint Media Player zoomview titles
mzv-file-description An mzv file extension is related to the Viewpoint Media Player zoomview titles format.

mzx-file-extension
mzx-file-description MegaZeux data
mzx-file-description Files with mzx file extension are related to the MegaZeux and used for its data.

mzz-file-extension
mzz-file-description Microsoft .NET Framework installation package
mzz-file-description Files with mzz extension are in most cases Microsoft .NET Framework installation packages.

m_p-file-extension
m_p-file-description Pro/ENGINEER temporary data
m_p-file-description Files with m_p file extension are associated with Pro/ENGINEER program for temporary files that may be created by computer software.

n64-file-extension
n64-file-description Nintendo 64 Emulation ROM image
n64-file-description Files with n64 file extension can be most often found as emulator ROM files for Nintendo 64 emulators.

nba-file-extension
nba-file-description Nero BackItUp archive

nbf-file-extension
nbf-file-description Backup NOW! backup archive

nbh-file-extension
nbh-file-description HTC ROM update utility ROM image
nbh-file-description An nbh file extension is used for files that contain ROM upgrade data for HTC smartphones. Used for firmware update purposes.

nco-file-extension
nco-file-description Nero BackItUp compressed backup
nco-file-description Files with nco file extension may be typically encountered as backup files created using the Nero BackItUp suite. Basically encrypted and occasionally also non-encrypted ZIP file with unique extension.

nds-file-extension
nds-file-description Nintendo DS game ROM image

nef-file-extension
nef-file-description Nikon Digital SLR camera RAW image

nes-file-extension
nes-file-description Nintendo Entertainment System ROM image

nfo-file-extension
nfo-file-description Information readme text document

nomedia-file-extension
nomedia-file-description Google Android OS system data
nomedia-file-description Files with nomedia extension can be found in Android smartphones. These 0kb sized files are used to hide certain audio files so they do not appear in media player.

npf-file-extension
npf-file-description Samsung PC Studio phone book backup

npo-file-extension
npo-file-description Nonpareil redundancy summary data
npo-file-description Files with npo file extension can be found as some sort of redundancy summary files from Nonpareil software.

nrg-file-extension
nrg-file-description Nero-Burning ROM CD or DVD image
nrg-file-description Files with nrg extension are used for the default disk image format in Nero Burning ROM software. NRG is not just "renamed" ISO image, but proprietary format used by Nero. However both serve the same purpose, ie. physical media backup and burning.

numbers-file-extension
numbers-file-description Apple Numbers spreadsheet
numbers-file-description Files with numbers file extension can be traditionally found as spreadsheet format of Apple Numbers application on Mac OS X (macOS), iOS and as web service. Numbers spreadsheets can only be opened in Numbers app, there is no 3rd party program available that can open or convert it to another format.

n-file-extension
n-file-description Cygwin man data
n-file-description A file extension n is related to the Cygwin and used for its man files.

n-gage-file-extension
n-gage-file-description Nokia N-Gage application
n-gage-file-description An n-gage file extension is related to the Nokia N-Gage handheld console and mobile phones. An n-gage file contains N-Gage app.

n000-file-extension
n000-file-description Genie Backup Manager split backup
n000-file-description A file suffix n000 is related to the Genie Backup Manager backup software. An n000 file contains a first part of split backup.

n1_-file-extension
n1_-file-description Unknown file extension
n1_-file-description Files with n1_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

n2e-file-extension
n2e-file-description The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing effect
n2e-file-description An n2e file extension are used by The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing video game.

n2km-file-extension
n2km-file-description Headshape Modding 3D Tool for 3D Studio Max modding data
n2km-file-description An n2km file extension is related to the Headshape Modding 3D Tool, developed by zsword. An n2km file contains modding file.

n2p-file-extension
n2p-file-description Net2Phone data
n2p-file-description An n2p file extension is related to the Net2Phone applications for various platforms.

n2pk-file-extension
n2pk-file-description The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing game data
n2pk-file-description An n2pk file extension is related to The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing, a computer game and used for game data files.

n2s-file-extension
n2s-file-description Nebula skin
n2s-file-description An n2s file extension is related to the Nebula audio processing device.

n3-file-extension
n3-file-description Notation3 document
n3-file-description An n3 file extension is related to the Notation3 an assertion and logic language. An n3 file stores document.

n3a-file-extension
n3a-file-description Nokia 3D screensaver
n3a-file-description Files with n3a file extension is related to an old 3D screensaver format for Nokia phones.

n3d-file-extension
n3d-file-description Nuclear Studio 3D model
n3d-file-description An n3d file extension is related to the Nuclear Studio a 3D modeling tool. An n3d file stores 3D model.

n3m-file-extension
n3m-file-description Nokia 3D WebGL map
n3m-file-description An n3m file extension is related to the Nokia Maps, a navigation software. An n3m file contains map.

n3pmesh-file-extension
n3pmesh-file-description Knight Online 3D mesh
n3pmesh-file-description An n3pmesh file extension is related to the Knight Online computer game. An .n3pmesh file contains 3D mesh.

n3r-file-extension
n3r-file-description Panasonic video format
n3r-file-description Files with n3r extension can be typically found as video files recorded and saved in Panasonic's proprietary format.

n3w00001940-file-extension
n3w00001940-file-description Winamp metadata
n3w00001940-file-description An n3w00001940 file extension is related to the Winamp and used for its metadat files.

n43-file-extension
n43-file-description Norma43 data
n43-file-description An n43 file extension is related to the Norma43 financial data format.

n80-file-extension
n80-file-description P-88 memory data
n80-file-description An n80 file extension is related to emulators of PC-88 computers developed by NEC.

n81-file-extension
n81-file-description Apple iOS kernel cache
n81-file-description An n81 file extension is related to Apple iOS operating system for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. An n81 file stores kernel cache.

n88-file-extension
n88-file-description Apple iOS kernel cache
n88-file-description An n88 file extension is related to the Apple iOS operating system. An n88 file contains kernel cache.

n90-file-extension
n90-file-description Apple iOS kernel cache
n90-file-description An n90 file extension is related to kernel cache files used by Apple iOS operating system for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch.

n90ap-file-extension
n90ap-file-description iPhone Jailbreak firmware
n90ap-file-description An n90ap file extension is related to the iPhone and other devices with Apple iOS operating system. An n90ap file contains some kind of data for JailBreak.

n92-file-extension
n92-file-description Apple iOS firmware data
n92-file-description An n92 file extension is related to the Apple iOS operating system and used for its firmware files.

na2-file-extension
na2-file-description Seamonkey address book data
na2-file-description An na2 file extension is related to the Seamonkey Address Book files.

naa-file-extension
naa-file-description MSNBC News alert advertising data
naa-file-description An naa file extension is related to the MSNBC News software and used for its alert advertising data.

nab-file-extension
nab-file-description Netscape Communicator addressbook
nab-file-description Files with nab extension were used for Netscape. This project was terminated in 2008.

nabs-file-extension
nabs-file-description Native Instruments Absynth sound data
nabs-file-description A nabs file extension is related to the Native Instruments Absynth sound format.

nacl-file-extension
nacl-file-description NameCleaner for Mac data
nacl-file-description An nacl file extension is related to the NameCleaner program. An nacl file stores data.

nad-file-extension
nad-file-description Neighborhood Algorithm Direct access data
nad-file-description Files with nad extension are associated with neighborhood algorithm direct access files.

naf-file-extension
naf-file-description TRAKTOR service data
naf-file-description Files with naf file extension are kindred with a service file in TRAKTOR djing software for Windows and Mac.

nai-file-extension
nai-file-description WinINSTALL data
nai-file-description Files with nai file extension can be found as old files from WinInstall program. Obsolete.

nak-file-extension
nak-file-description Audio file
nak-file-description Files with nak file extension might be found as very old audio files. Probably no longer supported.

nal-file-extension
nal-file-description System Management Server network abstraction layer file format
nal-file-description A nal file extension is related to the System Management Server (SMS) network abstraction layer file format.

nam-file-extension
nam-file-description DMAP spreadsheet
nam-file-description A nam file extension is related to the DMAP, a mapping software created by Alan Morton. A nam file stores spreadsheet database created in the DMAP.

namcan-file-extension
namcan-file-description Unknown file extension
namcan-file-description Files with namcan file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nameonclipboard-file-extension
nameonclipboard-file-description Unknown file extension
nameonclipboard-file-description Files with nameonclipboard file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nan-file-extension
nan-file-description Nanoscope data
nan-file-description Files with nan extension might be found as older Nanoscope data files.

nanflmrkxtns-file-extension
nanflmrkxtns-file-description Unknown file extension
nanflmrkxtns-file-description Files with nanflmrkxtns file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nanokey2_data-file-extension
nanokey2_data-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nanokey2_data-file-description A nanokey2_data file extension is related to the KORG KONTROL Editor files.

nanokey_data-file-extension
nanokey_data-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nanokey_data-file-description A nanokey_data file extension is related to the KORG KONTROL Editor files.

nanopad2_data-file-extension
nanopad2_data-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nanopad2_data-file-description A nanopad2_data file extension is related to the KORG KONTROL Editor files.

nanopad2_glob-file-extension
nanopad2_glob-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nanopad2_glob-file-description A nanopad2_glob file extension is related to the KONTROL Editor developed by KORG.

nanopad2_set-file-extension
nanopad2_set-file-description KORG Kontrol Editor scene data
nanopad2_set-file-description A nanopad2_set file extension is related to the Kontrol Editor and used for its scene files.

nanopad_data-file-extension
nanopad_data-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nanopad_data-file-description A nanopad_data file extension is related to the KONTROL Editor from KORG. A nanopad_data file contains data.

nanopad_glob-file-extension
nanopad_glob-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nanopad_glob-file-description A nanopad_glob file extension is related to the KORG KONTROL Editor files.

nanopad_set-file-extension
nanopad_set-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nanopad_set-file-description Files with nanopad_set file extension are used by KORG KONTROL Editor app for Windows and Mac.

nanr-file-extension
nanr-file-description Nintendo DS animation resource file
nanr-file-description The nanr file extension is related to the Nintendo DS video gaming console and used for its Nitro animation resources.

nap-file-extension
nap-file-description NAPLPS vector image metafile
nap-file-description A nap file extension is related to the NAPLPS vector image metafile format.

napj-file-extension
napj-file-description Navicat Premium batch job
napj-file-description An napj file extension is related to the Navicat Premium batch files.

naplps-file-extension
naplps-file-description North American Presentation Layer Protocol Syntax data
naplps-file-description An naplps file extension is related to the North American Presentation Layer Protocol Syntax format.

napr-file-extension
napr-file-description NameCleaner preferences
napr-file-description A napr file extension is related to the NameCleaner and used for its preference settings.

napt-file-extension
napt-file-description Navicat Premium data transfer profile
napt-file-description A napt file extension is related to the Navicat Premium and used for its data transfer profile files.

nar-file-extension
nar-file-description Nokia Smart Cam archive
nar-file-description Files with nar extension can be found as photo archives created using Nokia Smart Cam, when a series of photos is recorded using the burst mode. You can decompress them like any other ZIP archive.

narc-file-extension
narc-file-description Nintendo DS archive file
narc-file-description Detailed description

narrative-file-extension
narrative-file-description Mariner Software Narrator audio document
narrative-file-description A narrative file stores audio data that can be opened and edited in a Narrator.

nas-file-extension
nas-file-description Nasal script
nas-file-description A nas file extension is related to the Nasal programming language. A nas file stores script.

nat-file-extension
nat-file-description Natata eBook file
nat-file-description Files with nat suffix may be usually encountered as ebooks in special Natata format. Compiled using Natata eBook Compiler.

natvis-file-extension
natvis-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio text data
natvis-file-description Files with natvis file extension are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio data format.

nav-file-extension
nav-file-description Counter-Strike source CBot navigation mesh
nav-file-description Files with nav file extension are related to the Counter-Strike source CBot navigation mesh format.

nav2-file-extension
nav2-file-description WinAVI temporary navigation data
nav2-file-description A nav2 file extension is related to the WinAVI DVD Copy software for Windows. A nav2 file stores temporary data.

navionics-file-extension
navionics-file-description GPS chart format
navionics-file-description A navionics file extension is associated with the GPS chart format used by some Navionics devices.

navmap-file-extension
navmap-file-description ESRI data
navmap-file-description Files with navmap file extension can be found as GIS documents from some ESRI software.

navrep-file-extension
navrep-file-description CATIA data
navrep-file-description Files with navrep file extension are used by CATIA program for Windows and Unix.

naz-file-extension
naz-file-description Total Overdose game data
naz-file-description A naz file extension is associated with the Total Overdose and used for its game data files.

nb-file-extension
nb-file-description Mathematica notebook data
nb-file-description Files with nb extension can be typically found as notebook interactive documents made using the Mathematica software.

nb0-file-extension
nb0-file-description Google Android compiled ROM
nb0-file-description An nb0 file extension is related to smart phones with Google Android operating system. An nb0 file stores compiled ROM.

nb2-file-extension
nb2-file-description Newsbin unfinished download
nb2-file-description Files with nb2 file extension can be found as unfinished Usenet downloads initiated with Newsbin program.

nb7-file-extension
nb7-file-description NovaBACKUP output data backup
nb7-file-description An nb7 file extension is related to the NovaBACKUP and used for its output data backup.

nbak-file-extension
nbak-file-description Neat backup
nbak-file-description Files with nbak extension might be found as backups from Neat 5 software.

nbc-file-extension
nbc-file-description Thorlabs measurement results data
nbc-file-description An nbc file extension is related to the Thorlabs measurement results data format.

nbd-file-extension
nbd-file-description PC Backup Pro backup
nbd-file-description An nbd file extension is related to the PC Backup Pro, a backup solution for Microsoft Windows. An nbd file contains backup of user's data.

nbe-file-extension
nbe-file-description Nessus scan result data
nbe-file-description Files with nbe file extension can be found as scan results generated by Nessus program.

nbfc-file-extension
nbfc-file-description Nintendo DS nitro basic file character
nbfc-file-description An nbfc file extension is related to Nintendo DS handheld and used for its nitro basic file characters.

nbfp-file-extension
nbfp-file-description Nintedo DS nitro basic file palette
nbfp-file-description The .nbfp file extension is related to the Nintendo DS handheld console. The NBFP file contains nitro basic file palette.

nbfs-file-extension
nbfs-file-description Nintendo DS nitro basic file screen
nbfs-file-description An nbfs file extension is related to the Nintendo DS handheld console and used for its nitro basic file screen resources.

nbgr-file-extension
nbgr-file-description Nintendo DS basic graphics resource
nbgr-file-description An nbgr file extension is related to video games for Nintendo DS video gaming console. An nbgr file stores basic graphic resources.

nbi-file-extension
nbi-file-description Nero BackItUp backup information file
nbi-file-description Files with nbi file extension can be mostly found as backup information files made in Nero BackItUp program.

nbib-file-extension
nbib-file-description Citation manager citation data
nbib-file-description Files with nbib extension are related to the Citation manager service. An nbib file contains citations from books.

nbin-file-extension
nbin-file-description Compiled NASL script file
nbin-file-description Files with nbin extension are associated with NASL scripts. They include data codes.

nbk-file-extension
nbk-file-description NovaBACKUP script
nbk-file-description Files with nbk file extension can be most often encountered as scripts from NovaBACKUP backup solution.

nbkt-file-extension
nbkt-file-description Native Instruments BATTERY audio data
nbkt-file-description An nbkt file extension is related to the BATTERY, a software from Native Instruments company.

nbl-file-extension
nbl-file-description Phantasy Star Universe game data
nbl-file-description An nbl file extension is related to the Phantasy Star Online, an RPG computer game. An nbl file contains some kind of game data.

nbm-file-extension
nbm-file-description NetBeans module
nbm-file-description An nbm file extension is related to the NetBeans, a free IDE (Integrated Development Environment) for various programming languages. An nbm file stores module.

nbo-file-extension
nbo-file-description Novell Nterprise Branch Office configuration file
nbo-file-description Files with nbo suffix appear to be some kind of configuration files from Novell Nterprise Branch Office.

nbp-file-extension
nbp-file-description Mathematica notebook data
nbp-file-description The nbp file extension is related to the Mathematica developed by Wolfram Research and used for its notebook files.

nbr-file-extension
nbr-file-description NovaBench saved benchmark result
nbr-file-description The nbr file extension is associated with the NovaBench and used for its benchmark files.

nbs-file-extension
nbs-file-description NTI Backup Now file based backup set
nbs-file-description Files with nbs file extension may be found as backup settings for NTI Backup Now backup (*.nbf).

nbt-file-extension
nbt-file-description Nero BackItUp template file
nbt-file-description Files with nbt extension are used for Nero BackItUp program. They contain data protection features.

nbtitle-file-extension
nbtitle-file-description NewBlue Titler Pro project
nbtitle-file-description An nbtitle file extension is related to the Titler Pro software for Windows and Mac. An nbtitle file stores project.

nbu-file-extension
nbu-file-description Nokia PC Suite 6.82+ backup
nbu-file-description Files with nbu file extension can be usually found as old Nokia phone backups made using Nokia PC Suite 6.82 and higher.

nbv-file-extension
nbv-file-description Nero Burning ROM BDMV-Video compilation
nbv-file-description An nbv file extension is related to the Nero Burning ROM software from NERO AG. An nbv file contains BDMV-Video compilation.

nbx-file-extension
nbx-file-description Magellan MobileMapper CE firmware update
nbx-file-description A file suffix nbx is related to the Magellan MobileMapper CE firmware updates.

nbz-file-extension
nbz-file-description ArcSoft Total Media Backup & Record backup
nbz-file-description Files with nbz extension are related to the ArcSoft Total Media Backup & Record. An nbz file contains backup data.

nc-file-extension
nc-file-description Unidata Network Common Data form
nc-file-description Files with nc file extension can commonly be found as scientific data files in Network Common Data form.

nc1-file-extension
nc1-file-description Xsteel CAD drawing
nc1-file-description Files with nc1 file extension can be mainly found as CAD files in special Xsteel format. Used in some steel machinery.

nc2-file-extension
nc2-file-description NewsLeecher cache data
nc2-file-description An nc2 file extension is related to the NewsLeecher and used for its cache files.

nc%3F-file-extension
nc%3F-file-description FlashGet download manager incomplete download
nc%3F-file-description An nc? file extension is related to the FlashGet download manager incomplete download data.

nca-file-extension
nca-file-description Nikon Capture color adjustment data
nca-file-description An nca file extension is related to the Nikon Capture and used for its color adjustment data.

ncak1-file-extension
ncak1-file-description Native Instruments Audio Kontrol 1 template
ncak1-file-description An ncak1 file extension is related to the Native Instruments Audio Kontrol 1 templates.

ncb-file-extension
ncb-file-description Microsoft Developer Studio non-compiled browse data
ncb-file-description Files with ncb file extension can be found as temporary generated files from Microsoft Developer Studio (Microsoft Visual Studio) that are contain non-compiled browse data.

ncc-file-extension
ncc-file-description CNC (Computer Numeric Control) control data
ncc-file-description An ncc file extension is related to the CNC (Computer Numeric Control) control files.

ncch-file-extension
ncch-file-description Microsoft Interner Explorer for Mac cache
ncch-file-description An ncch file extension is related to the Microsoft Internet Explorer for Mac. It is obsolete software.

ncd-file-extension
ncd-file-description Nero CoverDesigner image format
ncd-file-description Files with ncd extension can also be found as images (covers) created in the Nero CoverDesigner utility.

ncer-file-extension
ncer-file-description Nintendo DS nitro cell resource file
ncer-file-description The ncer file extension is related to the Nintendo DS handheld console. The *.ncer file contains nitro cell resources.

ncf-file-extension
ncf-file-description Steam Client game configuration
ncf-file-description An ncf file extension is used by Steam for configuration settings of installed games.

ncfg-file-extension
ncfg-file-description ArcGIS Explorer configuration data
ncfg-file-description An ncfg file extension is related to the ArcGIS Explorer and used for its configuration data.

ncg-file-extension
ncg-file-description Native Instruments Controller Editor template
ncg-file-description An ncg file extension is related to the Native Instruments Controller Editor template files.

ncgr-file-extension
ncgr-file-description Nintendo DS title graphics
ncgr-file-description An ncgr file extension is related to video games for Nintendo DS console. A ncgr file stores title graphics (Nitro Character Graphic Resource).

nch-file-extension
nch-file-description Microsoft Outlook Express e-mail data
nch-file-description An nch file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook Express and used for its email tree files.

nci-file-extension
nci-file-description Mastercam toolpath data
nci-file-description An nci file extension is related to the Mastercam and used for its toolpath data.

nck-file-extension
nck-file-description CNC machine data
nck-file-description Files with nck file extension might be found as configuration or data files for CNC machines, like SINUMERIK CNC automation systems.

ncks2-file-extension
ncks2-file-description Native Instruments Kontrol S2 template
ncks2-file-description An ncks2 file extension is related to the Native Instruments Kontrol S2 templates.

ncks4-file-extension
ncks4-file-description Native Instruments Traktor template
ncks4-file-description An ncks4 file extension is related to the Native Instruments Traktor template files.

nckx1-file-extension
nckx1-file-description Native Instruments Traktor Kontrol X1 template
nckx1-file-description An nckx1 file extension is related to the Native Instruments Traktor Kontrol X1 templates.

nclk-file-extension
nclk-file-description HTML formatted text
nclk-file-description An nclk file extension is related to unknown application that used it for HTML formatted text files. It can be viewed in any text editor, or web browser.

nclr-file-extension
nclr-file-description Nintendo DS color palette
nclr-file-description An nclr file extension is related to video games for Nintendo DS gaming console. An nclr file stores color palette (Nitro CoLouR palette).

ncm-file-extension
ncm-file-description Nokia Communicator configuration message
ncm-file-description An ncm file extension is related to the family of smartphones called Nokia Communicator. An ncm file contains configuration message.

ncmm-file-extension
ncmm-file-description NI Maschine Mikro template
ncmm-file-description An ncmm file extension is related to the NI Maschine Mikro template files.

ncomp-file-extension
ncomp-file-description SAM Dirichlet mixture prior library
ncomp-file-description An ncomp file extension is related to the SAM (Sequence Alignment and Modeling system). An ncomp file contains mixture prior library.

ncor-file-extension
ncor-file-description Adobe Encore project
ncor-file-description An ncor file extension is used for Adobe Encore project files that contain list of videos and audio tracks, settings of DVD/Blu-ray menu and other settings. Finished projects can be burned on DVD/Blu-ray discs, or exported to Adobe Flash files (SWF, FLV, F4V).

ncorx-file-extension
ncorx-file-description Adobe Encore project
ncorx-file-description Files with ncorx extension can be found as projects from Adobe Encore program for Windows and Mac.

ncp-file-extension
ncp-file-description Nikon camera photo settings
ncp-file-description An ncp file extension is related to the Nikon digital cameras. An ncp file stores settings for Nikon digital cameras.

ncr-file-extension
ncr-file-description NCR Image image format
ncr-file-description Files with ncr file extension are mainly related to a special NCR Bitonal Image Format. Some kind of unique black and white format.

ncs-file-extension
ncs-file-description Bioware Aurora / Obsidian Electron compiled script
ncs-file-description An ncs file extension is used for compiled script files from Bioware's Aurora engine, which is the base for popular games such as Neverwinter Nights, or Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic.

ncsa-file-extension
ncsa-file-description Hierarchical data
ncsa-file-description An ncsa file extension is related to the Hierarchical Data Format (HDF). Probably obsolete format.

ncss-file-extension
ncss-file-description NCSS data
ncss-file-description An ncss file extension is related to the NCSS statistical software.

nct-file-extension
nct-file-description Nero CoverDesigner template
nct-file-description Files with nct file extension are templates for Nero CoverDesigner. The program is used to create covers and labels for CD/DVDs.

ncv-file-extension
ncv-file-description Nikon Capture curves
ncv-file-description An ncv file extension is related to the Nikon Capture software and used for its curve files.

ncw-file-extension
ncw-file-description Nero CoverDesigner picture template
ncw-file-description An ncw file extension used by Nero CoverDesigner for picture templates.

ncx-file-extension
ncx-file-description Navigation Control for XML
ncx-file-description Files with ncx file extension are related to the Navigation Control file for XML (EPUB).

ncz-file-extension
ncz-file-description Netcad drawing file
ncz-file-description Files with ncz extension originate from NetCAD technical engineering software and are CAD drawings.

nc_-file-extension
nc_-file-description Nero BackItUp split archive
nc_-file-description An nc_ file extension is related to the Nero BackItUp and used for its split archives.

nd-file-extension
nd-file-description QuickBooks network data configuration
nd-file-description Files with nd file extension are typically found as network configuration files for QuickBooks accounting software.

nd2-file-extension
nd2-file-description Nikon NIS-Elements ND2 image
nd2-file-description Files with nd2 file extension are in most cases microscopy image data in the Nikon NIS-Elements ND2 image file format.

nd5-file-extension
nd5-file-description Nintendo DS game ROM image
nd5-file-description Files with nd5 file extension can be found as game ROMs made for emulators of Nintendo DS game console.

nda-file-extension
nda-file-description Nero BackItUp drive image
nda-file-description Files with nda extension are mainly related to the Nero BackItUp Windows backup software and used for its drive backups.

ndb-file-extension
ndb-file-description NEPLAN  node data
ndb-file-description An ndb file extension is related to the NEPLAN and used for its node data files.

ndc-file-extension
ndc-file-description Nick-O-Matic Design Factory data
ndc-file-description An ndc file extension is related to the Nick-O-Matic Design Factory program. An ndc file contains data.

ndd-file-extension
ndd-file-description Nikon Capture Digital DEE data
ndd-file-description Files with ndd extension can be found as images recorded using the Nikon Capture Digital DEE function.

nde-file-extension
nde-file-description Surveillance video file format
nde-file-description An nde file extension is related to the Surveillance video file format.

ndf-file-extension
ndf-file-description Microsoft SQL Server secondary data
ndf-file-description Files with ndf extension is used for Microsoft SQL Server secondary data files. The secondary data file is created by Microsoft SQL Server, when the primary data file (mdf file) is full of data and other data cannot be stored in it. Secondary data files are often stored on other partitions, or hard drives then primary data files.

ndif-file-extension
ndif-file-description Apple NDIF disk image
ndif-file-description An ndif file extension is used for Apple NDIF disk image files. NDIF compression disk image format was introduced in Mac OS Classic version 9 with Disk Copy 6.0 compression utility. NDIF disc image file format was repleaced by Apple UDIF compressed disk image format. However NDIF images are still able to open in the Apple Disk Utility.

ndjson-file-extension
ndjson-file-description Newline Delimited JSON data
ndjson-file-description An ndjson file extension is associated with the Newline Delimited JSON format.

ndk-file-extension
ndk-file-description Lotus Notes database design elements
ndk-file-description An ndk file extension is related to the Lotus Notes and used for its database design elements.

ndl-file-extension
ndl-file-description Lotus Notes document reference
ndl-file-description Files with ndl file extension can be often encountered as some kind of document reference file from Lotus Notes collaborative software.

ndm-file-extension
ndm-file-description Navicat Data Modeler database model
ndm-file-description Files with ndm extension are in most cases database models files from Navicat Data Modeler software.

ndo-file-extension
ndo-file-description Nendo data
ndo-file-description An ndo file extension is related to the Nendo painting program. An ndo file contains data.

ndots-file-extension
ndots-file-description Ribbons ndots file
ndots-file-description Detailed description

ndp-file-extension
ndp-file-description Nick-O-Matic Design Factory project file
ndp-file-description Files with ndp extension are used by the Nick-O-Matic Design Factory program. Files contain some projects data.

ndpa-file-extension
ndpa-file-description NanoZoomer annotation data
ndpa-file-description An ndpa file extension is related to the NanoZoomer scanner and used for its annotation files.

ndpi-file-extension
ndpi-file-description NanoZoomer Digital Pathology image
ndpi-file-description Files with ndpi extension are related to the NanoZoomer Digital Pathology image format.

ndpis-file-extension
ndpis-file-description NanoZoomer digital image
ndpis-file-description Files with ndpis file extension are related to the NanoZoomer digital image format.

ndpr-file-extension
ndpr-file-description NanoZoomer Digital Pathology image format
ndpr-file-description Files with ndpr file extension are commonly used by NanoZoomer Digital Pathology image format.

ndprj-file-extension
ndprj-file-description NeoDownloader project
ndprj-file-description An ndprj file extension is related to the NeoDownloader and used for its project files.

ndpvs-file-extension
ndpvs-file-description NanoZoomer script
ndpvs-file-description Files with ndpvs file extension are related to the NanoZoomer and used for its scripts.

ndr-file-extension
ndr-file-description RightFax executable
ndr-file-description Files with ndr extension might be often found as executable data for RightFax server application.

ndrv-file-extension
ndrv-file-description Apple Mac OS system driver
ndrv-file-description An ndrv file extension is related to the Mac OS System (also known as SYSTEM or Mac OS Classic). An ndrv file stores system drivers.

ndsis-file-extension
ndsis-file-description Injury Surveillance Data Exchange format
ndsis-file-description An ndsis file extension is related to the Injury Surveillance Data Exchange format.

ndt-file-extension
ndt-file-description NEPLAN external program import or export data
ndt-file-description Files with ndt suffix may be typically encountered as data exchange files for import or export of data from NEPLAN software.

ndu-file-extension
ndu-file-description Symbian phone backup
ndu-file-description An ndu file extension is associated with the backup format used by Symbian operating system for smartphones.

ndv-file-extension
ndv-file-description ENVI n-D visualizer state data
ndv-file-description Files with ndv extension can be quite often found as data files that contain visualizer state data for ENVI software.

ndw-file-extension
ndw-file-description Allplan CAD/BIM file
ndw-file-description Files with ndw suffix are usually CAD designs and drawings produced and saved using the Allplan Engineering software from Nemetschek.

ndx-file-extension
ndx-file-description dBase index
ndx-file-description Files with ndx file extension can be mainly found as various index files, including the one from dBase database software.

ndz-file-extension
ndz-file-description Emulab Frisbee disk imaging system image
ndz-file-description An ndz file extension is related to the Frisbee disk imaging system used by the Emulab.

ne0-file-extension
ne0-file-description NetBSD config data
ne0-file-description An ne0 file extension is associated with the NetBSD, Unix based operating system. An ne0 file contains configuration.

ne1-file-extension
ne1-file-description OM2 OMALI NENA Version 1 document
ne1-file-description Files with ne1 file extension might be found as documents from OM2 OMALI platform.

ne3-file-extension
ne3-file-description OM2 OMALI NENA document
ne3-file-description An ne3 file extension is related to the OM2 OMALI NENA document format.

nec-file-extension
nec-file-description NEC JIS encoded data
nec-file-description A nec file extension is related to the NEC JIS character encoding standard.

ned-file-extension
ned-file-description OMNet++ network description data
ned-file-description Files with ned file extension are associated with the OMNet++ program. A ned file contains network description data.

nei-file-extension
nei-file-description Custom Maid 3D data
nei-file-description Files with nei file extension might be found as game files from Custom Maid 3D hentain video game.

neko-file-extension
neko-file-description Neko source code
neko-file-description A neko file extension is related to the source code files written in Neko programming languages.

nen-file-extension
nen-file-description Nick-O-Matic Design Factory project
nen-file-description A nen file extension is related to the Nick-O-Matic Design Factory program. A nen file contains project.

neo-file-extension
neo-file-description Atari NeoChrome bitmap image
neo-file-description Files with neo file extension can be mostly found as bitmap images from old Atari computers.

neosave-file-extension
neosave-file-description Neopets Puzzle Adventure saved game file
neosave-file-description The NEOSAVE file extension is related to the Neopets Puzzle Adventure and used for its saved game files.

nepprj-file-extension
nepprj-file-description NEPLAN project
nepprj-file-description Files with nepprj suffix can be found as projects prepared and saved in NEPLAN analysis program.

neqcurve-file-extension
neqcurve-file-description Unknown file extension
neqcurve-file-description Files with neqcurve file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

neroserial-file-extension
neroserial-file-description Nero Multimedia Suite serial number
neroserial-file-description The neroserial file extension is related to the Nero Multimedia Suite serial number files.

neroserial11-file-extension
neroserial11-file-description Nero Multimedia Suite serial number
neroserial11-file-description Files with neroserial11 file extension are used by Nero Multimedia Suite serial number files.

neroserial12-file-extension
neroserial12-file-description Nero Multimedia Suite data
neroserial12-file-description A neroserial12 file extension is related to the Nero Multimedia Suite files.

nero_scout_video-file-extension
nero_scout_video-file-description Nero ShowTime data
nero_scout_video-file-description A nero_scout_video file extension is related to the Nero ShowTime a multimedia playback software.

nero_search_email_result-file-extension
nero_search_email_result-file-description Nero Search file
nero_search_email_result-file-description The nero_search_email_result file extension is related to the Nero Search (also known as Nero Scout).

nessus-file-extension
nessus-file-description Nessus data
nessus-file-description A nessus file extension is related to the Nessus protection software, developed by Tenable Network Security. A nessus file contains data.

net-file-extension
net-file-description Network configuration
net-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe NET file extension!

neta-file-extension
neta-file-description Netica Bayesian network binary data
neta-file-description A neta file extension is associated with the Netica Bayesian network binary data format.

netboot-file-extension
netboot-file-description Unix netboot script
netboot-file-description A netboot file extension is related to the Unix and Unix-based operating systems.

netkit-file-extension
netkit-file-description Gnome Desktop data
netkit-file-description A netkit file extension is related to the Gnome Desktop, a GUI for Linux. A netkit file contains data.

netproject-file-extension
netproject-file-description netfabb Basic project file
netproject-file-description The netproject file extension is related to the netfabb Basic and used for its project files.

netrc-file-extension
netrc-file-description TCP/IP settings file
netrc-file-description Files with netrc suffix can be often found as settings files for TCP/IP networks. Used by the automatic logic feature of rexac and ftp commands.

netsh-file-extension
netsh-file-description Windows netset settings
netsh-file-description A netsh file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows netset settings data.

netspd-file-extension
netspd-file-description NetSpot survey project file
netspd-file-description Files with netspd extension are used and openable by the NetSpot program. They contain some network maps and other data.

netspm-file-extension
netspm-file-description NetSpot map
netspm-file-description Files with netspm file extension can be found as wireless networks visualization map made in NetSpot program.

networkconnect-file-extension
networkconnect-file-description Exported network preference panel settings
networkconnect-file-description Files with networkConnect extension areused by Mac OS X. They serve as a VPN configurating file.

neu-file-extension
neu-file-description Pro/Engineer neutral data
neu-file-description A neu file extension is related to the Pro/Engineer and used for its neutral files.

neulicense-file-extension
neulicense-file-description Neu license data
neulicense-file-description A neulicense file extension is related to the Neu and used for its license data files.

nev-file-extension
nev-file-description NeuraLynx event information data
nev-file-description Files with nev file extension are single continues channel data files generated by NeuraLynx software.

new-file-extension
new-file-description New information data
new-file-description Files with new file extension are sometimes found in update or patch packages as a readme files with list of recent (new) changes and other useful information for the user.

newsloc-file-extension
newsloc-file-description Apple Finder news internet location
newsloc-file-description A newsloc file extension is associated with the Apple Finder and used for its news internet location settings.

nex-file-extension
nex-file-description Neuroexplorer neurological data
nex-file-description A nex file extension is related to the Neuroexplorer neurological data file format.

nexe-file-extension
nexe-file-description Google Chrome native client executable
nexe-file-description A nexe file extension is associated with the Google Chrome web browser and is used to run apps in Chrome web browser.

nez-file-extension
nez-file-description NES ROM emulator image
nez-file-description A nez file extension is associated with the emulators of Nintendo Entertainment System. A nez file contains disk image.

nf2-file-extension
nf2-file-description Unknown file extension
nf2-file-description Files with nf2 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nfa-file-extension
nfa-file-description Netflix data
nfa-file-description An nfa file suffix is related to the Netflix for Android and iOS applications.

nfb-file-extension
nfb-file-description Nokia PC Suite phone backup
nfb-file-description Files with nfb suffix can be usually found as older backups of Nokia phone made using Nokia PC Suite. Latest versions use nbu files instead.

nfc-file-extension
nfc-file-description Nokia PC Suite phone backup
nfc-file-description An nfc file extension is related to the Nokia PC Suite, a data management software used to manage Nokia mobile phones. An nfc file stores phone backup.

nfd_audio-file-extension
nfd_audio-file-description Nero NFD Audio data
nfd_audio-file-description An nfd_audio file extension is related to the Nero NFD Audio file format.

nfd_data-file-extension
nfd_data-file-description Nero Multimedia Suite data
nfd_data-file-description Files with nfd_data file extension are related to the Nero Multimedia Suite.

nff-file-extension
nff-file-description Haines Neutral File Format
nff-file-description An nff file extension is associated with the Haines Neutral File Format used by Bryce from DAZ and other programs. An nff file stores simple scene description.

nfg-file-extension
nfg-file-description NewsBin configuration file
nfg-file-description Files with nfg extension are used for NewsBin. It includes configuration data.

nfi-file-extension
nfi-file-description Dreambox disc image
nfi-file-description Files with nfi file extension can be found as firmware files for Dreambox satellite and cable television receiver devices.

nfl-file-extension
nfl-file-description AutoCAD multiline filter
nfl-file-description An nfl file extension is related to AutoCAD CAD suite for Mac and Windows. An nfl file contains multiline filter.

nfm-file-extension
nfm-file-description Delphi .NET form
nfm-file-description An nfm file extension is related to the Delphi, an integrated development environment from Borland. An nfm file contains .NET form.

nfm8-file-extension
nfm8-file-description Native Instruments KOMPLETE FM8 sound
nfm8-file-description Files with nfm8 file extension are related to the Native Instruments KOMPLETE suite. An nfm8 file contains audio data.

nfp-file-extension
nfp-file-description Data archive
nfp-file-description An nfp file extension is related to RAR archive format used by specialized servers about Nokia mobile phones for archive files with Nokia phone customized firmware.

nfs-file-extension
nfs-file-description Navigon Panorama View 3D function terrain data
nfs-file-description An nfs file extension is related to the Navigon Panorama View 3D function terrain data format.

nfs11save-file-extension
nfs11save-file-description Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit 2010 configuration data
nfs11save-file-description An nfs11save file extension is related to Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit 2010 racing computer game. An nfs11save file stores game configuration.

nfs13save-file-extension
nfs13save-file-description Need for Speed: Most Wanted saved game position
nfs13save-file-description Files with nfs13save file extension can be typically found as saved game positions from Need for Speed: Most Wanted.

nfslicense-file-extension
nfslicense-file-description netfabb Basic license
nfslicense-file-description An nfslicense file extension is related to the netfabb Basic license files.

nft-file-extension
nft-file-description NetObjects Fusion system data
nft-file-description An nft file extension is related to the NetObjects Fusion and used for its system files.

nftr-file-extension
nftr-file-description Nintendo DS font
nftr-file-description An nftr file extension is related to games developed for Nintendo DS console. An nftr file stores font.

nfv-file-extension
nfv-file-description Netflix downloaded video
nfv-file-description Files with nfv extension are videos downloaded from Netflix on-line streaming video portal.

nfx-file-extension
nfx-file-description NetObjects Fusion components Bbscomp data
nfx-file-description An nfx file extension is related to the NetObjects Fusion software. An nfx file stores components Bbscomp data.

ng-file-extension
ng-file-description Norton Guide online documentation database
ng-file-description Files with ng file extension are related to the Norton Guide online documentation databases.

ngage-file-extension
ngage-file-description Nokia N-Gage game
ngage-file-description An ngage file extension is related to the N-Gage, a handheld console and smart phone from Nokia. An ngage file stores video game.

ngb-file-extension
ngb-file-description Nonogram Puzzle data
ngb-file-description Files with ngb file extension might also be found as old Nonogram Puzzle files.

ngc-file-extension
ngc-file-description Xilinx Integrated Software Environment generated data
ngc-file-description An ngc file extension is related to the Xilinx Integrated Software Environment software.

ngd-file-extension
ngd-file-description NimbleGen gene description file
ngd-file-description Files with ngd extension are used by NimbleGen application. They contain some gene description data.

nge-file-extension
nge-file-description neXus Personal Security Client data
nge-file-description The nge file extension is related to the neXus Personal Security Client.

ngf-file-extension
ngf-file-description Enterasys Networks NetSight Generated Format
ngf-file-description An ngf file extension is related to the Enterasys Networks NetSight Generated Format.

ngg-file-extension
ngg-file-description Nokia Group Graphics image format
ngg-file-description An ngg file extension is related to the Nokia Group Graphics image format.

ngh-file-extension
ngh-file-description Neighbours from Hell 2 saved game
ngh-file-description Files with ngh file extension are game archives for the Neighbours from Hell 2 computer game.

ngloss-file-extension
ngloss-file-description Nisus Writer Pro glossary data
ngloss-file-description An ngloss file extension is related to the Nisus Writer Pro word processor. An ngloss file contains glossary.

ngn-file-extension
ngn-file-description Fly! engine specification
ngn-file-description Files with ngn file extension are used for Fly!, a flight simulation video game.

ngo-file-extension
ngo-file-description Nick-O-Matic Design Factory project file
ngo-file-description Files with ngo extension are used by the Nick-O-Matic Design Factory program.

ngp-file-extension
ngp-file-description Neo Geo Pocket ROM image
ngp-file-description An ngp file stores ROM image captured from Neo Geo Pocket game cartridge. Old file extension.

ngr-file-extension
ngr-file-description NEPLAN graphic data
ngr-file-description An ngr file extension is related to the NEPLAN and used for its graphics data files.

ngrr-file-extension
ngrr-file-description GUITAR RIG sound
ngrr-file-description Files with ngrr file extension can be usually found as audio files saved in GUITAR RIG format.

ngs-file-extension
ngs-file-description NGSSniff data
ngs-file-description An ngs file extension is related to the NGSSniff software used for packet sniffing.

ngt-file-extension
ngt-file-description NONI GPSPlot GIS data
ngt-file-description Files with ngt file extension can be found as GPS track files from NONI GPSPlot software.

ngw-file-extension
ngw-file-description NGRAIN 3D format
ngw-file-description An ngw file extension is related to the NGRAIN 3D format used to store 3D objects.

nh-file-extension
nh-file-description NetHack defaults data
nh-file-description Files with nh file extension can be found as some sort of setting files from NetHack computer game,

nha-file-extension
nha-file-description Native Noah Format
nha-file-description Files with nha file extension are the default files for Noah platform from HIMSA. Native Noah Format.

nhb-file-extension
nhb-file-description No Hands Backup backup description
nhb-file-description An nhb file extension is related to No Hands Backup, a backup software for Microsoft Windows.

nhcode-file-extension
nhcode-file-description Mastercam NetHASP code
nhcode-file-description An nhcode file extension is related to the Mastercam NetHASP code files.

nhd-file-extension
nhd-file-description Nero Burning ROM AVHCD DVD compilation
nhd-file-description An nhd file extension is related to the Nero Burning ROM software. An nhd file stores AVHCD DVD compilation data.

nhf-file-extension
nhf-file-description Nero HFS-CD compilation data
nhf-file-description An nhf file extension is related to the Nero Burning ROM and used for its HFS-CD compilations.

nhl-file-extension
nhl-file-description NHL 2002 user teams data
nhl-file-description An nhl file extension is related to the NHL 2002 and used for its user teams data.

nhn-file-extension
nhn-file-description ijji REACTOR html launch settings
nhn-file-description An nhn file extension is related to the ijji REACTOR html launch settings data.

nhp-file-extension
nhp-file-description NOAA Hydrophone data
nhp-file-description Files with nhp file extension can be found as data files from NOAA's Autonomous Hydrophone Array.

nhr-file-extension
nhr-file-description BLAST database
nhr-file-description An nhr file extension is associated with the BLAST (Basic Local Alignment Search Tool) and used for its databases.

nhs-file-extension
nhs-file-description NHibernate data
nhs-file-description Files with nhs file extension might be found as some sort of XML scripts or sources from NHibernate project.

nhv-file-extension
nhv-file-description Nero Burning ROM HD-BURN-Video compilation
nhv-file-description An nhv file extension is associated with the Nero Burning ROM, a tool for creating optical media. An nhv file contains HD-BURN-Video compilation.

ni-file-extension
ni-file-description NetObjects Fusion preview data
ni-file-description An ni file extension is related to the NetObjects Fusion preview data format.

nia-file-extension
nia-file-description Nikon Capture image adjustment data
nia-file-description A nia file extension is related to the Nikon Capture photo editing software and used for its image adjustment files.

nib-file-extension
nib-file-description Interface Builder user interface resources
nib-file-description A nib file extension is related to the Interface Builder developed by the Apple, Inc.

nick-file-extension
nick-file-description Microsoft Outlook nickname file
nick-file-description Files with nick extension are used by Microsoft Outlook program. They are used as nickname files.

nicnt-file-extension
nicnt-file-description Native Instruments KONTAKT library
nicnt-file-description Files with nicnt extension can be found as sample libraries for KONTAKT audio sampling tool developed by NI.

nicrash-file-extension
nicrash-file-description TRAKTOR crash report
nicrash-file-description Files with nicrash file extension can be usually found as crash reports generated by Native Instruments TRAKTOR DJing software.

nid-file-extension
nid-file-description Nikon Capture IPTC data
nid-file-description An nid file extension is related to the Nikon Capture IPTC data file format.

nif-file-extension
nif-file-description GameBryo model
nif-file-description An nif file extension is related to the GameBryo video gaming engine. An nif file stores 3D model.

nifcache-file-extension
nifcache-file-description Gamebryo data
nifcache-file-description A nifcache file extension is related to Gamebryo LightSpeed video games development tools.

niff-file-extension
niff-file-description Notation Interchange File Format
niff-file-description Files with niff extension are used as standard digital format for the representation of standard musical notation.

nig-file-extension
nig-file-description Unknown file extension
nig-file-description Files with nig file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nii-file-extension
nii-file-description NIfTI-1 Data Format
nii-file-description Files with nii file extension are associated with the NIfTI-1 Data Format used for neuroimaging purposes.

nil-file-extension
nil-file-description Norton Icon Library icon set
nil-file-description Files with nil file extension are related to the Norton Icon Library icon set.

nim-file-extension
nim-file-description Nokia game data
nim-file-description A nim file extension is related to the Nokia game files.

nimblegen-file-extension
nimblegen-file-description NimbleGen Array Layout Editor
nimblegen-file-description Detailed description

nin-file-extension
nin-file-description BLAST database
nin-file-description Files with nin file extension are used by BLAST database format.

nip-file-extension
nip-file-description Microsoft DRM (Digital Right Management) data
nip-file-description The nip file extension is associated with Windows Media Digital Rights Management (DRM) - a proven platform to protect and securely deliver content for playback on computers, portable devices, and network devices.

nir-file-extension
nir-file-description AdminStudio repackaging wizard output
nir-file-description A nir file extension is related to the AdminStudio and used for its repackaging wizard output data.

nist-file-extension
nist-file-description HTK NIST audio data
nist-file-description A nist file extension is related to the audio file format used by Hidden Markov Model Toolkit.

nit-file-extension
nit-file-description ArcView INFO table definitions
nit-file-description An nit file extension is related to the ArcView, a GIS software. An nit file contains table definitions.

nitf-file-extension
nitf-file-description National Imagery Transmission Format
nitf-file-description A nitf file extension is related to the National Imagery Transmission Format.

niv-file-extension
niv-file-description theWord new international version module
niv-file-description Files with niv file suffix are associated with theWord new international version module format.

nix-file-extension
nix-file-description Rational XDE data
nix-file-description A nix file extension is related to the Rational XDE and used for its data files.

nj-file-extension
nj-file-description Nunjucks template
nj-file-description An nj file extension is related to the Nunjucks template engine. A .nj file contains template.

njb-file-extension
njb-file-description Nikon Digital SLR camera image index file
njb-file-description Files with njb extension are used for Nikon Digital SLR cameras. Files include image index generated by Nikon camera firmware.

njf-file-extension
njf-file-description IBM Lotus Domino data
njf-file-description An njf file extension is related to the Lotus Domino and used for its data files.

nji-file-extension
nji-file-description Nero BackItUp job file
nji-file-description Files with nji extension are used by NeroBackItUp program and they are used as its settings files.

njk-file-extension
njk-file-description Nunjucks template
njk-file-description An njk file extension is related to the Nunjucks, a JavaScript template engine. An njk file contains template.

njt-file-extension
njt-file-description Nero BackItUp job template
njt-file-description An njt file extension is associated with the Nero BackItUp and used for its job template files.

njx-file-extension
njx-file-description NJStar document
njx-file-description An njx file extension is related to the NJStar, a word processor popular in China. An njx file stores document created in NJStar.

nk-file-extension
nk-file-description NUKE script
nk-file-description An nk file extension is related to the NUKE composition tool and used for its script files.

nk2-file-extension
nk2-file-description Microsoft Outlook contacts AutoComplete file
nk2-file-description The nk2 file extension is used for Microsoft Outlook contacts AutoComplete files. Outlook AutoComplete feature attempts to be helpful by suggesting email names that are similar to what you're typing.

nkb-file-extension
nkb-file-description Kontakt data
nkb-file-description An nkb file extension is related to the Native Instruments Kontakt software.

nkc-file-extension
nkc-file-description Native Instruments KONTAKT library
nkc-file-description Files with nkc file extension might be found as libraries from NI KONTAKT audio software.

nkd-file-extension
nkd-file-description Nikon ViewNX thumbnail cache
nkd-file-description An nkd file extension is related to the Nikon ViewNX program. An nkd file stores thumbnail cache.

nkey-file-extension
nkey-file-description Silicon Graphics Onyx4 data
nkey-file-description An nkey file extension is related to the Silicon Graphics Onyx4 computers.

nkfn-file-extension
nkfn-file-description Unknown file extension
nkfn-file-description Files with nkfn file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nkg-file-extension
nkg-file-description Kontakt groups data
nkg-file-description An nkg file extension is related to the Native Instruments Kontakt, a software sampler. An nkg file contains groups data.

nki-file-extension
nki-file-description Native Instruments instruments sample
nki-file-description An nki file extension is related to KONTAKT, KOMPLETE and TRAKTOR apps. An nki file contains audio sample.

nkm-file-extension
nkm-file-description Native Instruments KONTAKT data
nkm-file-description An nkm file extension is related to the Native Instruments KONTAKT data format.

nkp-file-extension
nkp-file-description Kontakt saved presets
nkp-file-description An nkp file extension is related to the Kontakt, an audio sampling program. An nkp file contains saved presets.

nkple-file-extension
nkple-file-description Nuke script
nkple-file-description An nkple file extension is used by Nuke software for its script files.

nkr-file-extension
nkr-file-description KONTAKT resource container
nkr-file-description An nkr file extension is related to the KONTAKT software audio sampler and used for its resource container.

nks-file-extension
nks-file-description Native Instruments archive
nks-file-description Files with nks file extension are special audio sample archives in proprietary Native Instruments format used in its software like Traktor or Kontakt

nksc-file-extension
nksc-file-description Nikon Capture NX-D settings
nksc-file-description Files with nksc file extension can be usually found as some sort of settings generated by Nikon Capture NX-D software.

nksn-file-extension
nksn-file-description Native Instruments Kontakt settings
nksn-file-description An nksn file extension is associated with the Native Instruments Kontakt a software sampler for Windows and macOS.

nktrl2_data-file-extension
nktrl2_data-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nktrl2_data-file-description Files with nktrl2_data file extension are commonly used by KORG KONTROL Editor.

nktrl_data-file-extension
nktrl_data-file-description KORG KONTROL Editor data
nktrl_data-file-description An nktrl_data file extension is related to the Korg Kontrol Editor and used for its data files.

nktrl_set-file-extension
nktrl_set-file-description KORG Kontrol Editor settings
nktrl_set-file-description An nktrl_set file extension is related to the KORG Kontrol Editor and used for its settings files.

nkx-file-extension
nkx-file-description Native Instruments Monolith data
nkx-file-description Files with nkx extension can mainly be found as so called monoliths - encoded archives used in NI programs. Proprietary format.

nl-file-extension
nl-file-description Norton Desktop icon library
nl-file-description An nl file extension is related to the Norton Desktop and used for its icon library.

nl2-file-extension
nl2-file-description eSignal market depth data
nl2-file-description An nl2 file extension is related to the eSignal, a trading platform. An nl2 file stores market depth data.

nl2script-file-extension
nl2script-file-description NoLimits script
nl2script-file-description Files with nl2script file extension are related to the NoLimits script format.

nlang3-file-extension
nlang3-file-description Ashampoo Internet Accelerator language file
nlang3-file-description Files with nlang3 extension are used by the Ashampoo Internet Accelerator. They include some language localization data.

nlb-file-extension
nlb-file-description Colin McRae Rally network leader boards game data
nlb-file-description An nlb file extension is associated with the Colin McRae Rally video games. An nlb file contains network leader boards game data.

nlc-file-extension
nlc-file-description Nero Linux compilation
nlc-file-description An nlc file extension is related to the Nero Linux and used for its compilation files.

nld-file-extension
nld-file-description AMD ATI Radeon video driver
nld-file-description An nld file extension is related to the Windows drivers for ATI Radeon cards.

nlelem-file-extension
nlelem-file-description NoLimits Rollercoaster Simulation track element
nlelem-file-description Files with nlelem file extension can be found as data files from NoLimits Rollercoaster Simulation program.

nlf-file-extension
nlf-file-description ClickTracks normalized log
nlf-file-description An nlf file extension is related to the ClickTracks, an analytics and marketing campaign performance software. An nlf file stores normalized log.

nlg-file-extension
nlg-file-description Nestopia language file
nlg-file-description Files with nlg suffix can be found as language / localization files from the Nestopia emulator.

nlk-file-extension
nlk-file-description Outlook 2003 e-mail cookie data
nlk-file-description Files with nlk file extension can be found as e-mail cookies from old Outlook 2003, an e-mail client and personal information manager.

nll-file-extension
nll-file-description newlook batch script
nll-file-description An nll file extension is associated with the newlook batch script format for smartclient app.

nlm-file-extension
nlm-file-description Nokia logo image file format
nlm-file-description An nlm file extension is related to the Nokia logo image file format.

nlogo-file-extension
nlogo-file-description NetLogo model file
nlogo-file-description Files with nlogo extension are used for NetLogo programmable modeling environment. They include data that allows you visualize models created in the app.

nlogo3d-file-extension
nlogo3d-file-description NetLogo 3D model
nlogo3d-file-description An nlogo3d file extension related to the NetLogo and used for its 3D model.

nlp-file-extension
nlp-file-description Newsletter Profi 2001 data
nlp-file-description Files with nlp file suffix are related to the Newsletter Profi 2001 data format.

nlpb-file-extension
nlpb-file-description Navicat for SQLite backup profile
nlpb-file-description The nlpb file extension is related to the Navicat for SQLite and used for its backup profiles.

nlpd-file-extension
nlpd-file-description Navicat for SQLite data synchronization profile file
nlpd-file-description Detailed description

nlpe-file-extension
nlpe-file-description Navicat for SQLite exported table file
nlpe-file-description Detailed description

nlpeq-file-extension
nlpeq-file-description Navicat for SQLite export query result profile file
nlpeq-file-description Detailed description

nlpev-file-extension
nlpev-file-description Navicat export view result profile file
nlpev-file-description Detailed description

nlpi-file-extension
nlpi-file-description Navicat for SQLite Import Wizard profile
nlpi-file-description An nlpi file extension is related to the Navicat for SQLite software for various platforms. An nlpi file stores saved import wizard profile.

nlpj-file-extension
nlpj-file-description Navicat for SQlite batch job
nlpj-file-description The nlpj file extension is related to the Navicat for SQlite a database management software. The nlpj file contains batch job.

nlpt-file-extension
nlpt-file-description Navicat for SQLite data transfer profile
nlpt-file-description An nlpt file extension is related to the Navicat for SQLite program for Windows, Mac and Linux. An nlpt file stores data transfer profile.

nlpx-file-extension
nlpx-file-description Mad Data NoLimits game data file
nlpx-file-description Files with nlpx extension are used by the NoLimits program. They contain some game data archives.

nlq-file-extension
nlq-file-description Daisy-Dot 19x16 font
nlq-file-description An nlq file extension is related to the Daisy-Dot 19x16 font format used by Daisy-Dot program.

nlr-file-extension
nlr-file-description NLREG nonlinear regression control data
nlr-file-description Files with nlr file extension are related to the NLREG software. An nlr file stores regression control data.

nls-file-extension
nls-file-description Microsoft National Language Support data
nls-file-description An nls file extension is associated with Microsoft Windows and used for its Microsoft National Language Support files.

nltrack-file-extension
nltrack-file-description NoLimits roller coaster track
nltrack-file-description An nltrack file extension is related to the NoLimits and used for its roller coaster track files.

nlu-file-extension
nlu-file-description Norton LiveUpdate e-mail trigger file
nlu-file-description Files with nlu extension is used by Norton LiveUpdate.

nlv-file-extension
nlv-file-description Nikon Capture LCHE Editor data
nlv-file-description An nlv file extension is related to the Nikon Capture and used for its data files.

nlvm-file-extension
nlvm-file-description NoLimits game data
nlvm-file-description Files with nlvm file extension are commonly used by NoLimits video game. An nlvm file contains virtual machine.

nly-file-extension
nly-file-description CBS CheckWriter NonCalc layout
nly-file-description Files with nly file extension are associated with the CBS CheckWriter NonCalc layout format.

nl_-file-extension
nl_-file-description Unknown file extension
nl_-file-description Files with nl_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nm2-file-extension
nm2-file-description Navitel Navigator map
nm2-file-description An nm2 file extension is associated with the Navitel Navigator GPS navigation application for Android, iOS, Symbian, Windows Mobile etc. The nm2 file contains map data compatible with Navitel Navigator.

nm3-file-extension
nm3-file-description Navitel Navigator 5.0 map
nm3-file-description An nm3 file extension is related to Navitel Navigator, a GPS navigation software for various platforms. An nm3 file contains map.

nm5-file-extension
nm5-file-description NovaMind mind map
nm5-file-description Files with nm5 suffix are mind maps made and saved using the NovaMind free mind mapping app version 5.

nm7-file-extension
nm7-file-description Navitel Navigator map file
nm7-file-description Files with nm7 extension are in most cases maps from Navitel Navigator.

nma-file-extension
nma-file-description GPSBabel GPS log data
nma-file-description Files with nma file extension are related to the GPSBabel and used for its log data.

nmap-file-extension
nmap-file-description NaviComputer map data
nmap-file-description An nmap file extension is related to the NaviComputer, a GPS navigation software for Windows Mobile.

nmbd-file-extension
nmbd-file-description Samba log file
nmbd-file-description Files with nmbd extension are created by Samba software and they contain simple text data.

nmbsplb-file-extension
nmbsplb-file-description Microsoft Office data
nmbsplb-file-description An nmbsplb file extension is related to the Microsoft Office files.

nmbtemplate-file-extension
nmbtemplate-file-description Apple Numbers spreadsheet template
nmbtemplate-file-description Files with nmbtemplate file extension can be typically found as spreadsheet templates for Numbers spreadsheet.

nmc-file-extension
nmc-file-description ArcGIS Explorer map content
nmc-file-description An nmc file extension is related to the ArcGIS Explorer and used for its map content.

nmd-file-extension
nmd-file-description Nero miniDVD compilation data
nmd-file-description An nmd file extension is related to the Nero a CD/DVD/Blu-ray disks authoring tools. An nmd file stores miniDVD compilation.

nmdsdcid-file-extension
nmdsdcid-file-description MP3 player settings
nmdsdcid-file-description Files with nmdsdcid file extension can be found as settings from some, most likely old, MP3 player devices.

nmea-file-extension
nmea-file-description Global Positioning data (GPS)
nmea-file-description Files with nmea extension is related to GPS information interchange format developed by the NMEA (National Marine Electronics Association).

nmf-file-extension
nmf-file-description NICE Media Player audio
nmf-file-description Files with nmf extension are mainly related audio data files for the NICE Media Player developed by NICE Systems.

nmgf-file-extension
nmgf-file-description Noise Model Grid Format
nmgf-file-description Files with NMGF extension are data files in Noise Model Grid Format . Geographical data file.

nmh-stream-file-extension
nmh-stream-file-description Nero ShowTime data
nmh-stream-file-description An nmh-stream file extension is related to the Nero ShowTime a multimedia playback software.

nmi-file-extension
nmi-file-description SwordSearcher data
nmi-file-description An nmi file extension is related to the SwordSearcher, a Bible studying program. An mni file stores data from SwordSearcher.

nmind-file-extension
nmind-file-description NovaMind diagram
nmind-file-description An nmind file extension is related to the NovaMind and used for its diagram files.

nmk-file-extension
nmk-file-description Microsoft Program Maintenance Utility makefile
nmk-file-description An .nmk file extension is related to the makefiles used by Microsoft Program Maintenance Utility.

nml-file-extension
nml-file-description News Markup Language
nml-file-description An nml file extension is related to the News Markup Language (NewsML).

nmm-file-extension
nmm-file-description Microsoft 3D Movie Maker recorded video
nmm-file-description An nmm file extension is related to 3D Movie Maker developed by Microsoft. An nmm file stores recorded 3D movie. It is obsolete product.

nmo-file-extension
nmo-file-description 3DVIA Virtools behavioral object
nmo-file-description An nmo file extension is related to the Virtools and used for its behavioral objects files.

nmp-file-extension
nmp-file-description Neopaint mask image
nmp-file-description An mnp file extension is related to the Neopaint and used for its mask image.

nmpb-file-extension
nmpb-file-description Navicat for MariaDB backup profile
nmpb-file-description An nmpb file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB and used for its backup profile files.

nmpd-file-extension
nmpd-file-description Navicat for MariaDB data synchronization file
nmpd-file-description The nmpd file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB and used for its data synchronization files.

nmpe-file-extension
nmpe-file-description Navicat for MariaDB export wizard profile
nmpe-file-description An nmpe file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB a database tool. An nmpe file contains export wizard profile.

nmpeq-file-extension
nmpeq-file-description Navicat for MariaDB export query result profile
nmpeq-file-description An nmpeq file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB and used for its export query result profile data.

nmpev-file-extension
nmpev-file-description Navicat for MariaDB export view result profile
nmpev-file-description An nmpev file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB and used for its export view result profile data.

nmpi-file-extension
nmpi-file-description Navicat for MariaDB import wizard profile
nmpi-file-description The nmpi file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB a database management software. The nmpi file stores import wizard profile.

nmpj-file-extension
nmpj-file-description Navicat for MariaDB batch job
nmpj-file-description The nmpj file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB and used for its job files.

nmps-file-extension
nmps-file-description Navicat for MariaDB structure synchronization
nmps-file-description An nmps file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB database management software. An nmps file stores structure synchronization.

nmpt-file-extension
nmpt-file-description Navicat for MariaDB data transfer
nmpt-file-description An nmpt file extension is related to the Navicat for MariaDB a database management system. An nmpt file stores data transfer info.

nmr-file-extension
nmr-file-description wxNUTS histogram data
nmr-file-description An nmr file extension is related to the wxNUTS software. An nmr file stores histogram.

nms-file-extension
nms-file-description Numega SoftICE Loader File including debugging info
nms-file-description An nms file extension is related to the Numega SoftICE Loader File including debugging info format.

nmsv-file-extension
nmsv-file-description Native Instruments MASSIVE audio data file
nmsv-file-description Files with nmsv file extension can be mostly found as audio data files generated using MASSIVE audio synthesizer developed by Native Instruments.

nmt-file-extension
nmt-file-description Popcorn Hour A-300 NMT package
nmt-file-description Files with nmt file extension are related to the Popcorn Hour A-300 NMT package format.

nmu-file-extension
nmu-file-description SILVACO Simulation Standard data
nmu-file-description An nmu file extension is related to the Silvaco Simulation Standard. An nmu file stores data.

nmv-file-extension
nmv-file-description Nintendulator Movie Capture file
nmv-file-description Files with mwv extension are used for NES emulator called Nintedulator.

nmw-file-extension
nmw-file-description Microsoft NetMeeting T126_Whiteboard file format
nmw-file-description Files with nmw file extension are used by Microsoft NetMeeting application. They are used as internal data file formats.

nmx-file-extension
nmx-file-description Traktor mix data
nmx-file-description An nmx file extension is related to the Traktor an audio mixing software and used for its mix files.

nmz-file-extension
nmz-file-description Scream data
nmz-file-description Files with nmz file extension could be in the past be found as files from Scream program.

nn-file-extension
nn-file-description Nero CD list
nn-file-description An nn file extension is related to the Nero Multimedia Suite. An nn file contains CD list.

nna-file-extension
nna-file-description NeuralWare data
nna-file-description An nna file extension is related to the data format used by NeuralWare.

nnb-file-extension
nnb-file-description ANNI batch script
nnb-file-description Files with nnb file extension can be mainly found as batch files from ANNI (Advanced Neural Network Investing) platform by Oolution Technologies.

nnd-file-extension
nnd-file-description CYMFLOW network data
nnd-file-description An nnd file extension is related to the CYMFLOW network data file format.

nng-file-extension
nng-file-description Pioneer AVIC Navigation unit data
nng-file-description Files with nng extension can be found as one of the data files for Pioneer AVIC Navigation and contains serial number for synchronization purposes with the Poicon Speedcam Service.

nni-file-extension
nni-file-description ANNI information data
nni-file-description Files with nni file extension can be mainly found as information archives from ANNI (Advanced Neural Network Investing) platform by Oolution Technologies.

nnl-file-extension
nnl-file-description Network Notepad Professional license
nnl-file-description Files with nnl file suffix are related to the Network Notepad Professional, a network diagraming tool. An nnl file contains license information.

nnn-file-extension
nnn-file-description Filmetrics F20 material data
nnn-file-description An nnn file extension is related to the Filmetrics F20 and used for its material data files.

nnp-file-extension
nnp-file-description ANNI neural network portfolio data
nnp-file-description An nnp file extension is associated with the ANNI neural network portfolio data format.

nnr-file-extension
nnr-file-description Nikon Capture noise reduction file
nnr-file-description Files with nnr extension are used by the Nikon Capture NX software. They include some settings data.

nns-file-extension
nns-file-description NAVNET32 configuration data
nns-file-description Files with nns extension can be found as configuration files from NAVNET32 program by Symantec.

nntp-file-extension
nntp-file-description NewsWatcher file
nntp-file-description Detailed description

nnvs-file-extension
nnvs-file-description NextNine VNC player VNC session file
nnvs-file-description Detailed description

nnw-file-extension
nnw-file-description NeuralWare NeuralWorks data
nnw-file-description An nnw file extension is related to the NeuralWare NeuralWorks program. An nnw file contains data.

noa-file-extension
noa-file-description Japanese movie format
noa-file-description Files with noa extension were used in Japan as a movie format.

nob-file-extension
nob-file-description Silver game data
nob-file-description Files with nob file extension can be found as game data files in several computer games, including Silver and Vampire: The Masquarade.

nod-file-extension
nod-file-description NetObjects Fusion nodes data
nod-file-description A nod file extension is related to the NetObjects Fusion and used for its nodes files.

node-file-extension
node-file-description For Honor EasyAntiCheat data
node-file-description A node file extension is related to the For Honor video game and used for its EasyAntiCheat data.

nodes-file-extension
nodes-file-description PowerFolder nodes
nodes-file-description Files with nodes extension are nodes data files from PowerFolder cloud solution.

nof-file-extension
nof-file-description NetObject Fusion 5.0 data
nof-file-description Files with nof file extension can be found as part of NetObject Fusion version 5.0. that was available around 2004.

noindex-file-extension
noindex-file-description Mac OS X Spotlight index
noindex-file-description A .noindex file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) Spotlight searching feature.

nokia-file-extension
nokia-file-description Nokia proprietary ringtone format
nokia-file-description Files with nokia suffix may occasionally be found as old ringtones for certain models of Nokia phones. Not very common these days.

nokogiri-file-extension
nokogiri-file-description Nokogiri source data
nokogiri-file-description Files with nokogiri file extension can be found as documents or scripts written using Nokogiri parser.

noktxt-file-extension
noktxt-file-description Nokia proprietary ringtone text format
noktxt-file-description A noktxt file extension is related to the Nokia proprietary ringtone text format.

nol-file-extension
nol-file-description Nokia Operator Logo image format
nol-file-description An nol file extension is related to the Nokia Operator Logo image format.

nomedia_128x96-file-extension
nomedia_128x96-file-description Google Android OS system data
nomedia_128x96-file-description Files with nomedia_128x96 can be found in Android smartphones. These 0kb sized files are used to hide certain picture files so they do not appear in picture viewer.

non-file-extension
non-file-description Star Wars: Tie Fighter mouse options
non-file-description A non file extension is related to the Star Wars: Tie Fighter and used for its mouse options files.

noname-file-extension
noname-file-description Unknown file extension
noname-file-description A .noname file extension = unknown file extension.

nop-file-extension
nop-file-description Nokia Smart Shoot RAW photo
nop-file-description Files with nop file extension are RAW images recording with Smart Shoot app on Windows 8 Nokia smartphones.

nopb-file-extension
nopb-file-description Navicat file
nopb-file-description The nopb file extension is related to the Navicat developed by PremiumSoft CyberTech Ltd.

nopd-file-extension
nopd-file-description Navicat for Oracle data synchronization profile file
nopd-file-description Detailed description

nope-file-extension
nope-file-description Navicat for Oracle exported table
nope-file-description A nope file extension is related to the Navicat for Oracle, a database management tool. A .nope file contains exported table.

nopem-file-extension
nopem-file-description Navicat for Oracle export materialized view profile file
nopem-file-description Detailed description

nopeq-file-extension
nopeq-file-description Navicat for Oracle export query result profile file
nopeq-file-description Detailed description

nopev-file-extension
nopev-file-description Navicat for Oracle export view result profile file
nopev-file-description Detailed description

nopi-file-extension
nopi-file-description Navicat for Oracle Import Wizard profile file
nopi-file-description Detailed description

nopj-file-extension
nopj-file-description Navicat for Oracle batch job
nopj-file-description The nopj file extension is related to the Navicat for Oracle software.

noproblemwedecfiles%E2%80%8B-file-extension
noproblemwedecfiles%E2%80%8B-file-description Samas/SamSam ransomware affected file
noproblemwedecfiles%E2%80%8B-file-description Files with noproblemwedecfiles suffix are encrypted files that had their suffix renamed by the one of the variant of Samas/SamSam ransomware.

nops-file-extension
nops-file-description Navicat for Oracle structure synchronization data
nops-file-description An nops file extension is related to the Navicat for Oracle structure synchronization files.

nopt-file-extension
nopt-file-description Navicat for Oracle data transfer profile file
nopt-file-description Detailed description

nor-file-extension
nor-file-description Norwegian localization data
nor-file-description Files with nor file extension can be typically found as localization or text files in Norwegian language.

nortonpccheckupupdater-file-extension
nortonpccheckupupdater-file-description Norton PC Checkup file
nortonpccheckupupdater-file-description The nortonpccheckupupdater file extension is related to the Norton PC Checkup software.

nos-file-extension
nos-file-description JNOS system data
nos-file-description A nos file extension is related to the JNOS and used for its system files.

not-file-extension
not-file-description Notation or note
not-file-description Files with not file suffix can generally be found as notes or notations from one of the many programs that uses them.

note-file-extension
note-file-description Notability note file
note-file-description Files with note file extension might be mostly found as documents from Notability app for iPad.

notebook-file-extension
notebook-file-description SMART Notebook digital lesson
notebook-file-description Files with notebook extension can be found as the default file type used in latest versions of SMART Notebook program.

notes-file-extension
notes-file-description Memento note
notes-file-description A notes file extension is related to the Memento and used for its note files.

notx-file-extension
notx-file-description e-Sword study data
notx-file-description Files with notx file extension can be found as study files from e-Sword Bible software.

not_terminated-file-extension
not_terminated-file-description Mac OS X audit log
not_terminated-file-description A not_terminated file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system and used for its audit log files.

noun-file-extension
noun-file-description Unknown file extension
noun-file-description Files with noun file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nov-file-extension
nov-file-description NI Battery cache file
nov-file-description A nov file extension is related to the BATTERY, a drum sampler developed by Native Instruments. A nov file stores cache.

nova-file-extension
nova-file-description Cryptic game data archive
nova-file-description A nova file extension is related to the Neverwinter Online computer game. A nova file stores game data.

novs-file-extension
novs-file-description Novell NetWare Control Center file
novs-file-description Detailed description

now-file-extension
now-file-description Text file
now-file-description A now file extension is used to the readme files, which are storing various information about related app.

nox-file-extension
nox-file-description Wave IRIS NOx data
nox-file-description An nox file extension is related to the Wave and used for its IRIS NOx files that store crank angle resolved tabular output.

nozskin-file-extension
nozskin-file-description WinDS PRO data
nozskin-file-description The nozskin file extension is related to the WinDS PRO and used for its data files.

nozzlelibrary-file-extension
nozzlelibrary-file-description Corel Painter nozzle library
nozzlelibrary-file-description A nozzlelibrary file extension is related to the Corel Painter nozzle library files.

np-file-extension
np-file-description Nokia Planner project schedule file
np-file-description Files with np extension are used byt he Nokia Planner program. They include some project schedules.

np2-file-extension
np2-file-description Picture Control Utility picture control data
np2-file-description An np2 file extension is related to the Picture Control Utility, a software used to edit Nikon picture control files.

npa-file-extension
npa-file-description ReliaSoft Weibull++ data
npa-file-description An npa file extension is related to the ReliaSoft Weibull++ a life data analysis tool.

npb-file-extension
npb-file-description Navicat for MySQL backup profile
npb-file-description An npb file extension is related to the Navicat for MySQL and used for its profile files.

npbk-file-extension
npbk-file-description NoxPlayer data
npbk-file-description An npbk file extension is related to the NoxPlayer, an Android emulator. An npbk file stores data.

npc-file-extension
npc-file-description QuickBooks online banking data
npc-file-description An npc file extension is related to the QuickBooks an accounting software. An npc file stores online banking data.

npd-file-extension
npd-file-description Navicat for MySQL data synchronization profile
npd-file-description Navicat database software tool stores saved data synchronization profile in to .npd file.

npdf-file-extension
npdf-file-description Normal PDF document
npdf-file-description Files with npdf file extension can be found as earlier PDF documents in "normal" PDF form.

npdt-file-extension
npdt-file-description Mac text file
npdt-file-description Detailed description

npe-file-extension
npe-file-description NVIDIA ntune overclock system performance manager profile settings
npe-file-description Files with npe extension is used for NVIDIA nTune software. They contain some settings data.

npeq-file-extension
npeq-file-description Navicat for MySQL export query result profile
npeq-file-description An npeq file extension is related to the Navicat for MySQL software for Windows, Mac and Linux. An npeq file stores export query result profile.

npev-file-extension
npev-file-description Navicat for MySQL export view result profile file
npev-file-description Detailed description

npfx-file-extension
npfx-file-description Norton Internet Security settings file
npfx-file-description Detailed description

npg-file-extension
npg-file-description Magentic download
npg-file-description An npg file extension is related to the Magentic, a screensaver and desktop wallpaper customization program

npi-file-extension
npi-file-description dBASE Application Generator source data
npi-file-description Files with npi file extension can be found as source codes from dBase Application Generator.

npj-file-extension
npj-file-description Nova Logic game mission
npj-file-description An npj file extension is related to the Nova Logic video games, An npj file stores game mission.

npk-file-extension
npk-file-description n-Track Studio waveform peak
npk-file-description Files with npk file extension can be usually found as volume waveform peak information for music track edited using n-Track Studio music recording software for Windows, OS X (macOS) and iOS.

npl-file-extension
npl-file-description Nokia playlist
npl-file-description Files with npl file extension can be found as playlists made using Nokia Multimedia Player from Nokia PC Suite.

npm-file-extension
npm-file-description CorelDRAW 10 draw media lines data
npm-file-description An npm file extension is related to the CorelDRAW version 10 and used for its draw media lines files.

npmignore-file-extension
npmignore-file-description Git data
npmignore-file-description An npmignore file extension is related to Git, a free and open source distributed version control system.

npn-file-extension
npn-file-description Canvas neon pen file
npn-file-description Files with npn extension are used by the Canvas software. They include settings data.

npp-file-extension
npp-file-description Art Explosion Publisher Pro document
npp-file-description Files with npp file extension can be found as documents from Art Explosion illustration program for Microsoft Windows.

nppb-file-extension
nppb-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL backup profile
nppb-file-description An nppb file extension is related to the Navicat for PostgreSQL database tool. An nppb file contains backup profile.

nppd-file-extension
nppd-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL data synchronization profile file
nppd-file-description Detailed description

nppe-file-extension
nppe-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL exported table
nppe-file-description An nppe file extension is related to the Navicat for PostgreSQL and Navicat Premium. An nppe file contains exported table.

nppem-file-extension
nppem-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL export materialized view profile
nppem-file-description The nppem file extension is related to the Navicat for PostgreSQL export materialized view profiles.

nppeq-file-extension
nppeq-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL export query result profile
nppeq-file-description An nppeq file extension is related to the Navicat for PostgreSQL program for various platforms. An nppeq file stores export query result profile files.

nppev-file-extension
nppev-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL export view result profile file
nppev-file-description Detailed description

nppi-file-extension
nppi-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL Import Wizard profile
nppi-file-description An nppi file extension is related to the Navicat for PostgreSQL software. An nppi file contains profile from Import Wizard.

nppj-file-extension
nppj-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL batch job
nppj-file-description The nppj file extension is related to the Navicat for PostgreSQL and used for its batch files.

npps-file-extension
npps-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL structure synchronization file
npps-file-description The npps file extension is related to the Navicat for PostgreSQL structure synchronization files.

nppt-file-extension
nppt-file-description Navicat for PostgreSQL data transfer profile
nppt-file-description An nppt file extension is related to the Navicat for PostgreSQL, a database management program. An nppt file stores data transfer profile.

npr-file-extension
npr-file-description Lotus Notes reporter data
npr-file-description An npr file extension is related to the Lotus Notes collaborative software. An npr file contains reporter data.

nps-file-extension
nps-file-description Lotus Agenda data
nps-file-description An nps file extension is related to the Lotus Agenda, a personal information manager for DOS. An nps file contains data.

npsf-file-extension
npsf-file-description XWE file
npsf-file-description The npsf file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

npt-file-extension
npt-file-description Navicat data transfer profile
npt-file-description An npt file extension is related to the Navicat for MySQL and used for its saved data transfer profiles.

npv-file-extension
npv-file-description Pixbend Player pixbend media file
npv-file-description Files with npv extension are used by the Pixbend Technology.

npw-file-extension
npw-file-description nPassword data
npw-file-description An npw file extension is related to the nPassword and used for its data files.

npx-file-extension
npx-file-description TroublePix licence
npx-file-description An npx file extension is related to the TroublePix program. An npx file contains license.

npy-file-extension
npy-file-description NumPy data
npy-file-description File extension npy is related to the NumPy a package for scientific computing. An npy file stores arrays data.

npz-file-extension
npz-file-description GameGuard update file
npz-file-description Files with npz extension are used for the Gameguard application. Files store protection definitions for GameGuard.

nqa-file-extension
nqa-file-description NQuery Advisor data
nqa-file-description Files with nqa file extension are used by NQuery Advisor. This is application for power and sample calculations.

nqc-file-extension
nqc-file-description NQC Not Quite C source code file
nqc-file-description Detailed description

nqf-file-extension
nqf-file-description NOD32 quarantine data
nqf-file-description An nqf file extension is related to the ESET NOD32 Antivirus and used for its quarantine files.

nqi-file-extension
nqi-file-description NOD32 quarantine data
nqi-file-description An nqi file extension is related to the NOD32 antivirus program. An nqi file stores quarantine data.

nqp-file-extension
nqp-file-description Visual Studio Code data
nqp-file-description Files with nqp file extension are associated with the Visual Studio Code, a source code editor.

nqst-file-extension
nqst-file-description SoundEdit data
nqst-file-description An nqst file extension is related to the SoundEdit an audio editing app for Mac.

nr-vmp-file-extension
nr-vmp-file-description BrainVoyager QX native resolution volume map
nr-vmp-file-description Files with nr-vmp suffix are in most cases statistical results saved in BrainVoyager QX 3D format (resolution map).

nr3-file-extension
nr3-file-description Nero CD-ROM (MP3) compilation
nr3-file-description Files with nr3 file extension can be found as old CD compilation of MP3 music saved in Nero programs.

nr4-file-extension
nr4-file-description Nero CD-ROM (AAC) compilation data
nr4-file-description An nr4 file extension is associated with the Nero CD-ROM (AAC) compilation data format.

nra-file-extension
nra-file-description Nero Audio-CD compilation
nra-file-description An nra file extension is associated with the Nero Burning ROM application used to burned digital optical media. An nra file contains Nero audio-cd project that stores list of audio files and burning settings.

nrb-file-extension
nrb-file-description Nero Burning ROM CD-ROM Boot compilation
nrb-file-description An nrb file extension is related to the Nero CD-ROM Boot compilation format.

nrbak-file-extension
nrbak-file-description Neat backup
nrbak-file-description An nrbak file extension is related to the Neat, a scanner control and management software. An nrbak file contains backup.

nrc-file-extension
nrc-file-description Nero Burning ROM UDF/ISO CD-ROM compilation
nrc-file-description An nrc file extension is related to the Nero Burning ROM UDF/ISO CD-ROM compilation format.

nrd-file-extension
nrd-file-description Nero Burning ROM DVD-Video compilation
nrd-file-description Files with nrd file extension might be mainly found as DVD compilation project created in Nero burning software.

nre-file-extension
nre-file-description Nero Burning ROM CD EXTRA compilation
nre-file-description Files with nre file extension might be found as one of the burning compilation file types for Nero burning software.

nrf-file-extension
nrf-file-description IBM Domino Notes redirection data
nrf-file-description Files with nrf extension can be found as some sort of redirection files from IBM Domino Notes. Used to redirect client requests.

nrh-file-extension
nrh-file-description Nero Hybrid CD-ROM compilation
nrh-file-description An nrh file extension is related to the Nero Burning ROM and used for its Hybrid CD-ROM compilation files.

nri-file-extension
nri-file-description Nero Burning ROM CD-ROM (ISO) compilation
nri-file-description An nri file extension is related to the Nero Burning ROM CD-ROM (ISO) compilation file format.

nrj-file-extension
nrj-file-description Nero JukeBox compilation data
nrj-file-description An nrj file extension is related to the Nero JukeBox and used for its compilation files.

nrkt-file-extension
nrkt-file-description Native Instruments REAKTOR data
nrkt-file-description An nrkt file extension is associated with the Native Instruments REAKTOR files.

nrl-file-extension
nrl-file-description iManage data
nrl-file-description An nrl file extension is related to the iManage developed by Autonomy a HP company.

nrm-file-extension
nrm-file-description Nero Burning ROM mixed mode CD compilation
nrm-file-description Files with nrm file extension is associated with the Nero Burning ROM mixed mode CD compilation.

nrmlib-file-extension
nrmlib-file-description Neat document library
nrmlib-file-description An nrmlib file extension is related to the Neat software and used for its document library files.

nrp-file-extension
nrp-file-description ASP.NET Report Maker report
nrp-file-description Files with nrp suffix can be most often found as reports generated using ASP.NET Report Maker software.

nrproj-file-extension
nrproj-file-description .NET Reactor project
nrproj-file-description An nrproj file extension is related to the .NET Reactor application for Microsoft Windows developed by Eziriz.

nrrd-file-extension
nrrd-file-description Nearly Raw Raster Data
nrrd-file-description An nrrd file extension is related to the Nearly Raw Raster Data file format.

nrs-file-extension
nrs-file-description Nero CD-ROM Boot EFI compilation
nrs-file-description An nrs file extension is related to the Nero Burning ROM software. An nrs file contains CD-ROM boot EFI compilation.

nrsv-file-extension
nrsv-file-description TheWord & Bible Companion New Revised Standard Version Bible file
nrsv-file-description Files with NRSV extension can be found as TheWord & Bible Companion New Revised Standard Version Bible files. Most likely obsolete.

nrt-file-extension
nrt-file-description Nokia ringtone
nrt-file-description Files with nrt suffix can be found as ringtones for some older Nokia mobile phone devices.

nru-file-extension
nru-file-description Nero Burning ROM UDF CD-ROM compilation
nru-file-description Files with nru file extension are UDF CD compilations for Nero burning ROM program.

nrv-file-extension
nrv-file-description Nero Video-CD compilation data
nrv-file-description Files with nrv file extension are burning compilations created in the Nero Video-CD software.

nrw-file-extension
nrw-file-description Nero CD-ROM (WMA) audio compilation
nrw-file-description Files with nrw suffix is can also be found as audio music compilations created using Nero Burning ROM an authoring and burning software.

nrx-file-extension
nrx-file-description NeatReceipts SCANALIZER expense report
nrx-file-description An nrx file extension is related to the NeatReceipts SCANALIZER expense report file format.

ns-file-extension
ns-file-description NSwin project
ns-file-description Files with ns file extension can be mainly found as projects from NSwin seismic calculation software.

ns1-file-extension
ns1-file-description NetStumbler NS1 log
ns1-file-description An ns1 file extension is related to the NetStumbler program for Windows. An ns1 file contains log.

ns2-file-extension
ns2-file-description Lotus Notes database
ns2-file-description Files with ns2 file extension are mainly related to older database format used in Lotus Notes.

ns2p-file-extension
ns2p-file-description Nord Stage 2 program
ns2p-file-description An ns2p file extension is related with Nord Stage 2 program format used by Nord Stage operating system.

ns3-file-extension
ns3-file-description Lotus Notes database
ns3-file-description An ns3 file extension is related to the Lotus Notes software. An ns3 file contains database.

ns4-file-extension
ns4-file-description Lotus Notes database
ns4-file-description An ns4 file extension is related to the Lotus Notes, a collaborative software. An ns4 file contains database.

ns5-file-extension
ns5-file-description IBM Lotus Notes database
ns5-file-description An ns5 file extension is related to the Lotus Notes software from IBM. An ns5 file contains database.

nsa-file-extension
nsa-file-description Nullsoft Winamp streaming audio
nsa-file-description Files with nsa file extension are related to Nullsoft Winamp streaming audio format.

nsarc-file-extension
nsarc-file-description Neurosoft archive
nsarc-file-description Files with nsarc file extension are associated with the Neurosoft archive format.

nsb-file-extension
nsb-file-description NS Basic/CE data
nsb-file-description An nsb file extension is related to the NS Basic/CE development software.

nsbca-file-extension
nsbca-file-description Nintendo DS model animation file
nsbca-file-description Files with nsbca extension are used by the Nintendo DS handheld gaming console.

nsbmd-file-extension
nsbmd-file-description Nintendo DS game 3D model file
nsbmd-file-description Files with nsbmd extension are used by the Nintendo DS handheld.

nsbta-file-extension
nsbta-file-description Nintendo DS texture animation
nsbta-file-description Files with nsbta file extension might be found as texture animation files from Nintendo DS gaming console.

nsbtx-file-extension
nsbtx-file-description Nintendo DS model texture file
nsbtx-file-description Files with nstbx extension are used by the Nintendo DS gaming console as a game file format.

nsb_search_more-file-extension
nsb_search_more-file-description Nero Search data
nsb_search_more-file-description An nsb_search_more file extension is related to the Nero Search tool.

nsc-file-extension
nsc-file-description Windows Media Station file format
nsc-file-description An nsc file extension is related to the Windows Media Station and used for navigation to multimedia content.

nsconfig-file-extension
nsconfig-file-description nsconfig authentication data
nsconfig-file-description An nsconfig file extension is related to files used to protect access to websites.

nscr-file-extension
nscr-file-description Nintendo DS nitro screen resource
nscr-file-description An nscr file extension is related to the Nintendo DS handheld console and used of its nitro screen resource files.

nsd-file-extension
nsd-file-description Norton System Doctor sensor configuration
nsd-file-description An nsd file extension is related to the Norton System Doctor software and used for its sensor configuration.

nse-file-extension
nse-file-description Nmap security scanner scripting engine file
nse-file-description Files with nse extension are mainly found as scripts from Nmap scripting engine.

nsf-file-extension
nsf-file-description Lotus Notes database
nsf-file-description Files with nsf extension can be mainly found as databases in Notes Storage Facility format, created by IBM Lotus Notes and often used by IBM Domino Servers.

nsfe-file-extension
nsfe-file-description Nintendo NES audio file with enhanced tags
nsfe-file-description An nfse file extension is related to the Nintendo NES and used for its audio data.

nsg-file-extension
nsg-file-description Lotus Notes database file
nsg-file-description Files with nsg extension might be mostly found as old databases from Lotus Notes.

nsh-file-extension
nsh-file-description Lotus Notes database
nsh-file-description An nsh file extension is related to the Lotus Notes and used for its database files.

nsi-file-extension
nsi-file-description Symantec shared data
nsi-file-description An nsi file extension is related to applications developed by Symantec and used for shared data files.

nsidat-file-extension
nsidat-file-description Unknown file extension
nsidat-file-description Files with nsidat file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nsis-file-extension
nsis-file-description Unknown file extension
nsis-file-description Files with nsis file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nsk-file-extension
nsk-file-description NaShrinK compressed archive
nsk-file-description An nsk file extension is associated with the NaShrink software and used for its compressed archives. Probably obsolete.

nsl-file-extension
nsl-file-description LogoManager data
nsl-file-description An nsl file extension is related to the LogoManager software for Windows developed by Mike Bradley.

nsla-file-extension
nsla-file-description Nero Video audio data
nsla-file-description Files with nsla file extension are related to the Nero Video program for Windows. An nsla file contains audio data.

nslloc-file-extension
nslloc-file-description Apple Mac OS X Finder NSL internet location file
nslloc-file-description Detailed description

nsm-file-extension
nsm-file-description NESticle movie
nsm-file-description Files with nsm file extension can be found as NEStickle emulator videogame movies.

nsmp-file-extension
nsmp-file-description Nord audio keyboards sample
nsmp-file-description Files with nsmp suffix can be usually encountered as audio keyboard samples produced using the Nord Sample Editor.

nso-file-extension
nso-file-description NetStudio Easy Web Graphics data
nso-file-description An nso file extension is related to the NetStudio Easy Web Graphics software. An nso file stores data.

nsp-file-extension
nsp-file-description Computerized Speech Lab audio speech format
nsp-file-description An nsp file extension is related to the Computerized Speech Lab audio speech format.

nspb-file-extension
nspb-file-description Navicat for SQL Server backup profile
nspb-file-description An nspb file extension is related to the Navicat for SQL Server, a database management software. An nspb file stores backup profile.

nspd-file-extension
nspd-file-description Navicat for SQL Server data synchronization profile
nspd-file-description An nspd file extension is related to the Navicat for SQL Server, a database management software for various platforms. An nspd file contains data synchronization profile.

nspe-file-extension
nspe-file-description Navicat for SQL Server exported table
nspe-file-description An nspe file extension is related to the Navicat for SQL Server software. An nspe file stores exported table.

nspeq-file-extension
nspeq-file-description Navicat for SQL Server export query result profile file
nspeq-file-description Detailed description

nspev-file-extension
nspev-file-description Navicat for SQL Server export view result profile file
nspev-file-description Detailed description

nspi-file-extension
nspi-file-description Navicat for SQL Server Import Wizard profile file
nspi-file-description Detailed description

nspj-file-extension
nspj-file-description Navicat for SQL Server batch job
nspj-file-description An nspj file extension is related to the Navicat for SQL Server and used for its batch job.

nspl-file-extension
nspl-file-description Netscape Navigator plugin file
nspl-file-description Files with nspl extension are used by the Netscape Navigator program.  They are used as plugin files.

nsps-file-extension
nsps-file-description Navicat for SQL Server structure synchronization data
nsps-file-description An nsps file extension is related to the Navicat for SQL Server structure synchronization files.

nspt-file-extension
nspt-file-description Navicat for SQL Server data transfer profile file
nspt-file-description Detailed description

nsq-file-extension
nsq-file-description NScheduler Qlikview schedule file
nsq-file-description Files with nsq extension are used by NScheduler program. They contain data about users etc.

nsr-file-extension
nsr-file-description Nikon Capture resolution file
nsr-file-description Files with nsr extension are used by the Nikon Capture NX-D program.

nss-file-extension
nss-file-description Magentic screensaver data
nss-file-description An mss file extension is associated with the Magnetic screensaver data format.

nst-file-extension
nst-file-description NoiseTracker music module
nst-file-description An nst file extension is related to the NoiseTracker and used for its music module files.

nsu-file-extension
nsu-file-description NVIDIA nTune command system profile settings
nsu-file-description Files with nsu extension are used by nVidia nTune application.

nsv-file-extension
nsv-file-description Nullsoft Winamp video
nsv-file-description An nsv file extension is related to the video format, developed by Nullsoft. An nsv file contains video data.

nsx-file-extension
nsx-file-description Apollo Server database index
nsx-file-description An nsx file extension is related to the Apollo Server, a database server. An nsx file contains database index.

nsz-file-extension
nsz-file-description nVidia nTune benchmark data
nsz-file-description An nsz file extension is related to the nVidia nTune, a tool for Microsoft Windows. An nsz file stores benchmark data.

nt-file-extension
nt-file-description Windows NT command script
nt-file-description An nt file extension is related to the Windows NT operating system and used for its command script files.

nt2-file-extension
nt2-file-description NinjaTrader market data
nt2-file-description An nt2 file extension is related to the NinjaTrader software. An nt2 file stores market data.

nt7-file-extension
nt7-file-description Orchida Knitting System pattern
nt7-file-description An nt7 file extension is associated with the Orchida Knitting System. An nt7 file stores pattern.

nt8bk-file-extension
nt8bk-file-description NinjaTrader backup
nt8bk-file-description An nt8bk file extension is related to the NinjaTrader, a trading program for Windows. An nt8bk file stores backup.

nta-file-extension
nta-file-description Nota Aspel document
nta-file-description An nta file extension is related to the Nota Aspel document format.

ntar-file-extension
ntar-file-description Wireshark data
ntar-file-description An ntar file extension is related to the Wireshark files.

ntb-file-extension
ntb-file-description Tecplot license data
ntb-file-description Files with ntb file extension are associated with the Tecplot program.

ntbk-file-extension
ntbk-file-description NinjaTrader backup
ntbk-file-description An ntbk file extension is related to the NinjaTrader, a trading program for Windows. An ntbk file stores backup.

ntc-file-extension
ntc-file-description Camera Control Pro custom curves
ntc-file-description An ntc file extension is related to the Nikon Camera Control Pro program. An ntc file stores custom curvers.

ntd-file-extension
ntd-file-description NinjaTrader database
ntd-file-description Files with ntd file extension are associated with the NinjaTrader database format.

nte-file-extension
nte-file-description Asus Eee note
nte-file-description Files with nte file extension are associated with Asus Eee computers. An nte file is used to store notes from Asus Eee Note app installed in Eee computer.

ntf-file-extension
ntf-file-description Lotus Notes database template
ntf-file-description Files with ntf file extension can be usually found as database templates from Lotus Notes collaborative software by IBM.

ntfp-file-extension
ntfp-file-description Nintendo DS nitro file palette
ntfp-file-description An ntfp file extension is related to the Nintendo DS nitro file palette format.

ntfs-file-extension
ntfs-file-description 7-zip NTFS archive
ntfs-file-description Files with ntfs file extension are related to 7-zip NTFS archive file format.

nth-file-extension
nth-file-description Nokia Series 40 and 60 theme
nth-file-description An nth file extension is used for Nokia series 40 and 60 Theme Studio for Symbian OS theme files. An nth file is ZIP archive container that stores customized graphics, fonts, icons, ringtones etc.

nt%C3%AD-file-extension
nt%C3%AD-file-description Mistaken NTI disk file
nt%C3%AD-file-description The NTí extension file is a mistaken NTI disk file.

ntj-file-extension
ntj-file-description Junction Box backup file
ntj-file-description Files with ntj extension are used for the Junction Box. They include backup data.

ntl-file-extension
ntl-file-description Diablo 2 mod D2NT script
ntl-file-description Files with ntl file extension can found as some kind of scripts from Diablo 2 mod called D2NT that is used to install bots to game.

ntm-file-extension
ntm-file-description Navitel map
ntm-file-description Files with ntm file extension are used for Navitel Navigator. They include maps.

ntn-file-extension
ntn-file-description NOTION song
ntn-file-description An ntn file extension is related to the NOTION, a score writing program. An ntn file stores song.

ntp-file-extension
ntp-file-description MediaFACE CD label
ntp-file-description An ntp file extension is related to the MediaFACE CD and DVD labeling tool. An ntp file stores CD label.

ntrk-file-extension
ntrk-file-description Pacific Fighters track
ntrk-file-description Files with ntrk file suffix are related to the Pacific Fighters track data.

nts-file-extension
nts-file-description Norton tutorial data
nts-file-description An nts file extension is related to Norton applications developed by Symantec. An nts file stores tutorial data.

ntt-file-extension
ntt-file-description MediaFACE template
ntt-file-description Files with ntt file extension can be found as label templates for NEATO solutions.

ntv-file-extension
ntv-file-description PatternSmith import data
ntv-file-description Files with ntv file extension might be found as import files from PatternSmith software.

ntw-file-extension
ntw-file-description Noteworthy Composer song file
ntw-file-description Files with ntw extension are used by Noteworthy Composer audio editor.

ntx-file-extension
ntx-file-description Clipper database index
ntx-file-description Files with ntx file extension can be mostly found as database indexes from Clipper programming environment.

ntz-file-extension
ntz-file-description InVircible Antivirus directory integrity information
ntz-file-description Files with ntz file extension can be found as directory integrity information files from InVircible Antivirus.

nt_-file-extension
nt_-file-description Unknown file extension
nt_-file-description Files with nt_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nt_36d298da-file-extension
nt_36d298da-file-description Unknown file extension
nt_36d298da-file-description Files with nt_36d298da file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

nu3-file-extension
nu3-file-description Symantec Norton Utilities backup
nu3-file-description An nu3 file extension is related to the Norton Utilities and used for its backup files.

nu4-file-extension
nu4-file-description Norton Utilities DLL root data
nu4-file-description An nu4 file extension is related to the Norton Utilities and used for its DLL root data.

nu6-file-extension
nu6-file-description Norton Utility system dll library
nu6-file-description An nu6 file extension is related to some applications developed by Symantec. An nu6 file stores system dll library.

nub-file-extension
nub-file-description Xerox FreeFlow NUB init data
nub-file-description A nub file extension is related to the Xerox FreeFlow software. A nub file contains NUB init data.

nuc-file-extension
nuc-file-description PAML data
nuc-file-description Files with nuc file extension are used for PAML program. An nuc file contains data.

nuclear55-file-extension
nuclear55-file-description Nuke ransomware affected file
nuclear55-file-description Files with nuclear55 suffix may be usually found as encrypted and renamed archives affected by a variant of Nuke ransomware.

nud-file-extension
nud-file-description Now Up-To-Date calendar data
nud-file-description A nud file extension is related to the Now Up-To-Date calendar app for Mac and Win. A nud file contains calendar data.

nuf-file-extension
nuf-file-description Procomm Plus new user message data
nuf-file-description Files with nuf file extension can be found as saved new user messages from Porcomm Plus program.

nuget-file-extension
nuget-file-description NuGet package file
nuget-file-description Files with nuget file extension can be found as packages made in NuGet package manager software.

nugg-file-extension
nugg-file-description SAP generated nugg data
nugg-file-description A nugg file extension is related to the SAP software and used for its generated nugg data.

nuke-file-extension
nuke-file-description Nuke script
nuke-file-description A nuke file extension is related to the Nuke a node-based digital compositing software. A nuke file stores script.

null-file-extension
null-file-description NULL image
null-file-description Files with null extension can sometimes be found as kind of corrupted files or empty files.

num-file-extension
num-file-description Diction data
num-file-description A num file extension is related to the Diction a text analysis program.

numbers-tef-file-extension
numbers-tef-file-description Apple Numbers iCloud spreadsheet
numbers-tef-file-description A numbers-tef file extension is related to the Apple Numbers, a spreadsheet editor. A numbers-tef file contains spreadsheet.

nunit-file-extension
nunit-file-description NUnit test project
nunit-file-description A nunit file extension is related to the NUnit test project files.

nunj-file-extension
nunj-file-description Nunjucks template
nunj-file-description A nunj file extension is related to the Nunjucks template engine. A nunj file contains template.

nunjs-file-extension
nunjs-file-description Nunjucks template
nunjs-file-description A .nunjs file extension is associated with the Nunjucks template engine. A .nunjs file stores template.

nunjucks-file-extension
nunjucks-file-description Nunjucks template
nunjucks-file-description A .nunjucks file extension is related to the Nunjucks, a JavaScript template engine. A .nunjucks file contains template.

nup-file-extension
nup-file-description ESET Nod32 Antivirus update data
nup-file-description An nup file extension is related to the ESET Nod32, an anti-virus software for Windows. An nup file contains virus definitions update.

nupkg-file-extension
nupkg-file-description NuGet source code package
nupkg-file-description Files with nupkg extension can be found as source code packages for NuGet add-on for Visual Studio.

nuspec-file-extension
nuspec-file-description NuGet settings
nuspec-file-description An nuspec file extension is related to the NuGet package management tool. An nuspec file stores settings for building nupkg files.

nut-file-extension
nut-file-description Lucas Arts animation
nut-file-description Files with nut file suffix are also related to the video games developed by Lucas Arts. A nut file contains animation.

nuv-file-extension
nuv-file-description MythTV NuppelVideo video
nuv-file-description An nuv file suffix is related to the MythTV NuppelVideo video format.

nv-file-extension
nv-file-description NewViews 1 accounting data file
nv-file-description Files with nv extension are used for NewViews 1. They include financial data.

nv2-file-extension
nv2-file-description NewViews 2 accounting data
nv2-file-description An nv2 file extension is related to the NewViews 2 accounting and finance management software. An nv2 file contains accounting data.

nv3-file-extension
nv3-file-description Visicontrol MVS-30/35/40 flash-memory backup
nv3-file-description Files with nv3 file extension are used for Visicontrol MVS-30/35/40 flash-memory backups.

nv3dvpcmd-file-extension
nv3dvpcmd-file-description nVidia 3D Vision file
nv3dvpcmd-file-description Files with the nv3dvpcmd file extension are related to the nVidia 3D Vision files.

nv3dvppl-file-extension
nv3dvppl-file-description nVidia 3D Vision data
nv3dvppl-file-description An nv3dvppl file extension is related to the nVidia 3D Vision files.

nvavi-file-extension
nvavi-file-description Split AVI Audio video interchange format
nvavi-file-description The nvavi file extension is related to the split AVI audio video interchange format.

nvc-file-extension
nvc-file-description Nero Video project
nvc-file-description Files with nvc extension are in most cases video projects from Nero Vision Express video editing tool.

nvd-file-extension
nvd-file-description Navidoc data
nvd-file-description An nvd file extension is related to the Navidoc utility from Savannah.

nvdl-file-extension
nvdl-file-description Oxygen XML Editor data
nvdl-file-description An nvdl file extension is related to the Oxygen XML Editor from SyncRO Soft Ltd.

nvf-file-extension
nvf-file-description Creative Labs Nomad recorded voice
nvf-file-description An nvf file extension is related to the to voice audio format used by Creative Labs Nomad.

nvg-file-extension
nvg-file-description Nokia N8 image
nvg-file-description A file suffix nvg is associated with the image format used by Nokia N8.

nvgp-file-extension
nvgp-file-description Girlvanic Studios URL address
nvgp-file-description An nvgp file extension is related to video games with adult content developed by Girlvanic Studios. An nvgp file stores url address.

nvi-file-extension
nvi-file-description Sony Navin' You basic package
nvi-file-description An nvi file extension is related to the Sony Navin' You and used for its basic packages.

nvj-file-extension
nvj-file-description Net Vampire job data
nvj-file-description An nvj file extension is related to the Net Vampire. An nvj file contains job settings.

nvl-file-extension
nvl-file-description Netviewer Meet session record
nvl-file-description An nvl file extension is related to the Netviewer Meet a messaging and collaborating software. An nvl file stores recorded meeting session.

nvm-file-extension
nvm-file-description NaviMap data
nvm-file-description An nvm file extension is related to the NaviMap an online map software.

nvp-file-extension
nvp-file-description Net Vampire job data
nvp-file-description An nvp file extension is related to the Net Vampire download manager.

nvr-file-extension
nvr-file-description NeverForget data
nvr-file-description Files with nvr file extension may be mostly found as old data files from NeverForget personal reminder software.

nvram-file-extension
nvram-file-description VMware VM BIOS state
nvram-file-description An nvram file extension is related to the VMware virtualization software. An nvram file contains VM BIOS state data.

nvsg-file-extension
nvsg-file-description NVIDIA SceniX scene management engine format
nvsg-file-description An nvsg file extension is related to the Nvidia SceniX nad used for its scene management engine format.

nvt-file-extension
nvt-file-description NeuraLynx video tracker data
nvt-file-description Files with nvt file extension can be found as NeuraLynx video tracker files.

nvu-file-extension
nvu-file-description nVidia graphic driver data
nvu-file-description An nvu file extension is related to the nVidia graphic driver data.

nvx-file-extension
nvx-file-description nvStructural plug-in
nvx-file-description Files with nvx file extension are related to the nvStructural program for Windows. An nvx file contains plug-in for this software.

nvz-file-extension
nvz-file-description Novelty actor data
nvz-file-description Files with nvz file extension can be found as actor files from Novelty visual novels and 2D games making program.

nw3-file-extension
nw3-file-description Novell Netware.3x data
nw3-file-description An nw3 file extension is related to the Novell Netware, a network operating system. An nw3 file stores data.

nw4-file-extension
nw4-file-description Netware.4x file
nw4-file-description Detailed description

nwa-file-extension
nwa-file-description Natural Windows Animation
nwa-file-description An nwa file extension is related to the WindowsBlinds a utility used to customize Microsoft Windows look. An nwa file stores Natural Windows Animation.

nwb-file-extension
nwb-file-description Nikon Capture white balance
nwb-file-description Files with nwb file extension might be found as white balance photo balance files from Nikon Capture.

nwbak-file-extension
nwbak-file-description Neat backup
nwbak-file-description An nwbak file extension is related to the Neat software and used for its backup files.

nwc-file-extension
nwc-file-description Noteworthy Composer song
nwc-file-description Files with nwc file extension can be found as songs created using Noteworthy Composer music composing software.

nwcab-file-extension
nwcab-file-description Neat Software cabinet
nwcab-file-description An nwcab file extension is related to the Neat Software and used for its cabinet files.

nwcp-file-extension
nwcp-file-description Nisus Writer Pro clipboard document file
nwcp-file-description The NWCP file extension is related to the Nisus Writer Pro text editing tool. The *.nwcp file contains clipboard document.

nwctxt-file-extension
nwctxt-file-description NoteWorthy Composer text
nwctxt-file-description An nwctxt file extension is related to the NoteWorthy Composer software. An nwctxt file stores composed song in text format.

nwd-file-extension
nwd-file-description NavisWorks snapshot
nwd-file-description Files with nwd file extension can be found as snapshots created in NavisWorks. These files are made from nwf format using the publish function.

nwdb-file-extension
nwdb-file-description NeatReceipts database
nwdb-file-description Files with nwdb file extension can be found as databases from the NeatReceipts scanner and filing system.

nwelicense-file-extension
nwelicense-file-description Nisus Writer Pro license file
nwelicense-file-description The *.nwelicense file extension is related to the Nisus Writer Pro and used for its license files.

nwf-file-extension
nwf-file-description NavisWorks project
nwf-file-description Files with the nwf extension can be mainly found as 3D model graphics used by the Autodesk NavisWorks software. A proprietary format without backwards compatibility.

nwk-file-extension
nwk-file-description Nano Wiki Engine data source
nwk-file-description An nwk file extension is related to the Nano Wiki Engine for ASP.NET.

nwm-file-extension
nwm-file-description Sony NWM display screen
nwm-file-description An nwm file extension is related to the Sony Network Walkman. An nwm file stores static or animated logo.

nwn-file-extension
nwn-file-description Bioware Aurora engine module
nwn-file-description Files with nwn file extension might be found as part of games based on Bioware's Aurora engine.

nwp-file-extension
nwp-file-description Noteworthy Player file type
nwp-file-description Files with nwp extension are used by the Noteworthy applications.

nws-file-extension
nws-file-description Microsoft Outlook Express news message
nws-file-description An nws file extension is used for Microsoft Outlook Express news message files.

nwut-file-extension
nwut-file-description NetWare Tools file
nwut-file-description Detailed description

nwv-file-extension
nwv-file-description Dragon NaturallySpeaking user archive
nwv-file-description An nwm file extension is related to the Dragon NaturallySpeaking, a speech recognition program. An nwm file stores user archive.

nwx-file-extension
nwx-file-description Outlaws choreography data
nwx-file-description An mwx file extension is associated with the Outlaws, a Western 3D first person shooter, developed by LucasArts. An mwx file contains choreography data.

nw_-file-extension
nw_-file-description Noteworthy Composer compressed data
nw_-file-description An nw_ file extension is related to the Noteworthy Composer compressed data format.

nx1-file-extension
nx1-file-description NexusDB database
nx1-file-description An nx1 file extension is related to the NexusDB a database engine for Delphi. An nx1 file contains database.

nx2-file-extension
nx2-file-description NexusDB database file
nx2-file-description Files with nx2 extension are used by the NexusDB the database engine.

nxb-file-extension
nxb-file-description Nexus Race Software raw data
nxb-file-description An nxb file extension is related to the Nexus Race Software.

nxc-file-extension
nxc-file-description NXC Not eXactly C source code
nxc-file-description An nxc file extension is related to the NXC Not eXactly C and used for its source code files.

nxd-file-extension
nxd-file-description AdaOS debugging information for a module
nxd-file-description An nxd file extension is related to the AdaOS debugging information for a module data.

nxe-file-extension
nxe-file-description AdaOS main program module
nxe-file-description An nxe file extension is related to the AdaOS main program module.

nxg-file-extension
nxg-file-description eSite Builder NXG web page
nxg-file-description An nxg file extension is related to the eSite Builder and used for its NXG web page.

nxl-file-extension
nxl-file-description HAANSOFT NEXCEL data
nxl-file-description The nxl file extension is related to the HAANSOFT NEXCEL software.

nxm-file-extension
nxm-file-description Nexus Mod Manager archive
nxm-file-description An nxm file extension is related to the Nexus Mod Manager and used for its archive files.

nxn-file-extension
nxn-file-description Avid Interplay permanent license
nxn-file-description An nxn file extension is related to the Avid Interplay software. An nxn file stores data about user license.

nxp-file-extension
nxp-file-description AdaOS profiling information for one execution file
nxp-file-description An nxp file extension is related to the AdaOS operating system. An nxp file stores profiling information for one execution..

nxs-file-extension
nxs-file-description AdaOS support module
nxs-file-description An nxs file extension is related to the AdaOS and used for its support module files.

nxt-file-extension
nxt-file-description NeXTSTEP sound format
nxt-file-description An nxt file extension is related to NeXT operating system a predecessor of Apple Mac OS X. An nxt file stores sound data.

nxu-file-extension
nxu-file-description C4 Engine XML model data
nxu-file-description An nxu file extension is related to the C4 Engine. An nxu file contains XML model data.

nxv-file-extension
nxv-file-description NXV video data
nxv-file-description An nxv file extension is related to the NXV digital video file format developed by Shenzhen Adragon Digitek.

nx%5E2-file-extension
nx%5E2-file-description WriteNow file
nx%5E2-file-description Detailed description

nx%5Ed-file-extension
nx%5Ed-file-description WriteNow 2 document file
nx%5Ed-file-description Detailed description

nx%5En-file-extension
nx%5En-file-description Apple WriteNow data
nx%5En-file-description An nx^n file extension is associated with the WriteNow, a word processor for Apple Mac and NeXT. An nx^n file contains data.

nx__-file-extension
nx__-file-description WriteNow 4 document
nx__-file-description Files with nx__ file extension are used by WriteNow, a word processor made for Apple Macintosh and NeXT computers.  An nx__ file contains document.

ny-file-extension
ny-file-description Nyquist plug-in
ny-file-description Files with ny file extension can generally be found as Nyquist plug-ins for Audacity program.

nyf-file-extension
nyf-file-description myBase database
nyf-file-description Files with nyf file suffix are related to the myBase database format.

nym-file-extension
nym-file-description Sheffield dictionary
nym-file-description Files with nym file extension can be found as very old Sheffield dictionary files. Obsolete file type.

nz-file-extension
nz-file-description NanoZip compressed archive
nz-file-description Files with nz suffix may be mostly encountered as compressed archived made using the NanoZip.

nzb-file-extension
nzb-file-description Newzbin download pointer
nzb-file-description An nzb file extension is related to the Newzbin download pointer file format developed by TechSono Engineering, Inc.

nzl-file-extension
nzl-file-description Corel Painter nozzle data
nzl-file-description An nzl file extension is associated with the Corel Painter nozzle data format.

nzn-file-extension
nzn-file-description RMCProfile list
nzn-file-description Files with nzn file extension might be found as one of the default formats used by RMCProfile program.

nzp-file-extension
nzp-file-description Noise Ninja GRD profile
nzp-file-description Files with nzp file extension might be found as profiles from old Noise Ninja program.

o-file-extension
o-file-description Object format

obj-file-extension
obj-file-description 3D object graphics

ocx-file-extension
ocx-file-description ActiveX Control
ocx-file-description Files with ocx extension are associated with the Microsoft ActiveX Control items. An ocx is an OLE custom control (program) that is used by various Windows applications to provide such function as handling scroll bar movement and window resizing.

odf-file-extension
odf-file-description Open Document Interchange Format (ODIF)

odg-file-extension
odg-file-description OpenDocument drawing

ods-file-extension
ods-file-description OpenDocument spreadsheet

odt-file-extension
odt-file-description ODF text document

oft-file-extension
oft-file-description Microsoft Outlook template
oft-file-description Files with oft extension are used for Microsoft Outlook e-mail message template files. oft files are used for specifying future e-mail documents to use the predefined formatting. Microsoft Outlook e-mail message template files can be stored in three file formats: plain text, HTML document format and Rich Text Format (RTF).

ofx-file-extension
ofx-file-description Open Financial Exchange format

ogg-file-extension
ogg-file-description Ogg Vorbis audio

ogv-file-extension
ogv-file-description Ogg Vorbis video
ogv-file-description Files with ogv  extension are video files compressed with Ogg Vorbis video codec. This format can be played with some media players with proper codec installed, such as VLC player.

old-file-extension
old-file-description Backup archive
old-file-description Files with old file extension may be usually found as various backup files from programs for Windows OS. Sometimes it's just a simple extension renaming.

one-file-extension
one-file-description Microsoft OneNote document

onepkg-file-extension
onepkg-file-description Microsoft OneNote package
onepkg-file-description Files with onepkg extension can be found as note bundles created with the Microsoft OneNote. It is basically an archive that contains one or more notes saved together.

opml-file-extension
opml-file-description OPML Outline Processor Markup Language file format
opml-file-description Files with opml file extension are written in the Outline Processor Markup Language. Used in RSS environment.

opus-file-extension
opus-file-description Opus audio data
opus-file-description Files with opus file extension can be usually find as audio files in Opus audio file format from various Internet by VoIP services, streaming services, web frameworks etc.

opx-file-extension
opx-file-description Microsoft Office Organization chart file format

orf-file-extension
orf-file-description Olympus Digital camera raw image

otf-file-extension
otf-file-description OpenType font file format

ott-file-extension
ott-file-description OpenOffice.org text document template

ova-file-extension
ova-file-description Open Virtual Machine Format single archive

ovf-file-extension
ovf-file-description Open Virtualization Format package file

oxps-file-extension
oxps-file-description Microsoft OpenXPS document
oxps-file-description Files with oxps file extension are documents created in Windows 8/10 using the latest version of the Open XML Paper Specification. You can easily view *.oxps files using the pre-installed Windows XPS viewer, but only in the latest versions of Windows. For older versions of Windows, you will need to convert oxps to xps.

o00-file-extension
o00-file-description Always Technology SCSI Controller Driver
o00-file-description An o00 file extension is related to the Always Technology SCSI Controller Driver.

o01-file-extension
o01-file-description Typhoon voice
o01-file-description An o01 file extension is associated with the Typhoon voice format. Probably obsolete.

o2c-file-extension
o2c-file-description Objects to See 3D file format
o2c-file-description An o2c file extension is related to the Object to See, a 3D file format used for real-time visualization of 3D objects.

o2s-file-extension
o2s-file-description Oracle to MySQL Converter data
o2s-file-description An o2s file extension is related to the Oracle to MySQL Converter software.

o3d-file-extension
o3d-file-description Google Open 3D web graphic format
o3d-file-description Files with o3d extension can be supposedly found as graphics files saved in Google Open 3D web graphic format.

o8d-file-extension
o8d-file-description OCTGN deck file
o8d-file-description Files with o8d extension are xml files used by OCTGN card gaming software to store deck data.

o8g-file-extension
o8g-file-description OCTGN game definition data
o8g-file-description An o8g file extension is related to the OCTGN, a card gaming program. An o8g file stores games definitions.

o8o-file-extension
o8o-file-description Mediator 5 Repository tabs Vorlagen.006 file
o8o-file-description Detailed description

o8s-file-extension
o8s-file-description OCTGN settings
o8s-file-description Files with o8s file extension can mainly be found as set files from OCTGN software.

oa-file-extension
oa-file-description OrCAD PCB Designer OpenAccess database
oa-file-description The oa file extension is related to the OrCAD PCB Designer OpenAccess database file format.

oa0-file-extension
oa0-file-description B.O.U.T. Evolution texture
oa0-file-description Files with ba0 file extension are textures from B.O.U.T Evolution computer game. Massive online game.

oa2-file-extension
oa2-file-description Fujitsu OASYS 2 document
oa2-file-description Files with oa2 file extension are used for Fujitsu Oasys 2. They contain some document data.

oa3-file-extension
oa3-file-description OASYS 3 document
oa3-file-description Files with oa3 file extension are used by Fujitsu Oasys 3 program. They are used as some document file format.

oab-file-extension
oab-file-description Microsoft Outlook offline address book
oab-file-description An oab file extension is used for Microsoft Outlook offline address book files. Offline address book files contain the properties of a user, such as e-mail addresses. The oab files are created, when users use Microsoft Exchange Server e-mail accounts.

oac-file-extension
oac-file-description Grand Theft Auto V audio data
oac-file-description An oac file extension is related to the GTA V video game. An oac file stores audio data.

oad-file-extension
oad-file-description Suite Notaro document
oad-file-description Files with oad extension can be found as documents from Italian Suite Notaro software package.

oaf-file-extension
oaf-file-description ETH Oberon applet
oaf-file-description An oaf file extension is related to ETH Oberon and used for its applet files.

oam-file-extension
oam-file-description Adobe Edge overlay
oam-file-description An oam file extension is related to Adobe Edge and used for its overlay files.

oap-file-extension
oap-file-description Samsung bada signed installation package
oap-file-description Files with oap file extension can mainly be found as installation packages for bada mobile operating system from Samsung.

oar-file-extension
oar-file-description HSQLDB database
oar-file-description An oar file extension is related to the HSQLDB, a database management software. An oar file contains database.

oas-file-extension
oas-file-description Microsoft Outlook Attachment Sniffer data
oas-file-description An oas file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook Attachment Sniffer - a little utility for Outlook used to remove attachments from e-mails. An oas file stores link to e-mail attachment.

oat-file-extension
oat-file-description Google Android RunTime optimized app
oat-file-description Files with oat file extension can be usually encountered as one of the runtime files for Android RunTime (ART).

oav-file-extension
oav-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator texture
oav-file-description Files with oav file extension can be found as textures for Microsoft Flight Simulator computer game series.

oaw-file-extension
oaw-file-description openArchitectureWare workflow data
oaw-file-description An oaw file extension is related to the openArchitectureWare workflow file format.

oaz-file-extension
oaz-file-description NetFax Manager OAZ fax image
oaz-file-description An oaz file extension is associated with the NetFax Manager OAZ fax image format.

ob-file-extension
ob-file-description IBM LinkWay object
ob-file-description An ob file extension is related to the IBM LinkWay object file format.

ob%21-file-extension
ob%21-file-description Orbit Downloader incomplete download
ob%21-file-description An ob! file extension is related to the Orbit Downloader and used for its incomplete downloads.

ob2-file-extension
ob2-file-description Oberon 2 source code
ob2-file-description An ob2 file extension is associated with the Oberon 2 source code format.

ob3-file-extension
ob3-file-description ABF software Outlook Backup backup
ob3-file-description An ob3 file extension is related to the ABF software Outlook Backup app. An ob3 file contains backup of the Outlook data.

ob5-file-extension
ob5-file-description TopLang OE Backup file
ob5-file-description The ob5 file extension is related to the TopLang OE Backup files.

obak-file-extension
obak-file-description WinSQL offline backup file
obak-file-description The *.OBAK file extension is related to the WinSQL and used for its offline backup files.

obb-file-extension
obb-file-description Android opaque binary blob archive
obb-file-description Files with obb extension can be usually found as special, encrypted archives for Android APKs that contain additional content, graphics, map packs, multimedia files and more. Common for all large and complex Android apps.

obc-file-extension
obc-file-description AICON 3D Scanner photogrammetry data
obc-file-description An obc file extension is related to the Breuckmann 3D Scanner developed by the AICON.

obd-file-extension
obd-file-description Microsoft Office Binder document
obd-file-description Files with obd extension were used in old versions of Microsoft Office by a program called Office Binder. These documents were basically all-in-one files. Can be still opened in latest Microsoft Office.

obf-file-extension
obf-file-description OsmAnd offline GPS vector maps
obf-file-description Files with obf extension are mainly found as off-line GPS maps for OsmAnd GPS navigation software for Android.

obg-file-extension
obg-file-description ZBrush mesh data
obg-file-description Files with obg file extension might be found as meshes generated by ZBrush Multi-Displacement 3 program.

obi-file-extension
obi-file-description RSS subscription file from Microsoft Outlook 2007 and above versions
obi-file-description Files with obi extension are mainly used by Microsoft Outlook personal information manager. These files are related to RSS service.

objectcache-file-extension
objectcache-file-description Cache
objectcache-file-description Files with objcectcache file extension can be found in some programs for temporary purposes.

objx-file-extension
objx-file-description Metatools object bryce support
objx-file-description Files with objx file extension might be found as 3D objects from Bryce 3D modeling software.

obk-file-extension
obk-file-description OrCAD capture design or library
obk-file-description Files with obk file extension are mainly related to a special format used by OrCAD. Capture design or library.

obl-file-extension
obl-file-description trueSpace data
obl-file-description An obl file extension is related to the trueSpace and used for its data files.

obm-file-extension
obm-file-description EIAS camera motion export
obm-file-description An obm file extension is related to the EIAS and used for its camera motion export files.

obml-file-extension
obml-file-description Opera Mini saved web page
obml-file-description Files with obml extension can be found as web pages saved in Opera Mini web browser.

obml15-file-extension
obml15-file-description Opera Mini 5.1 saved web page
obml15-file-description Files with obml15 file extension are web pages saved using the Opera Mini 5.1 web browser.

obml16-file-extension
obml16-file-description Opera Mini saved web page file
obml16-file-description Files with obml16 suffix are web pages saved using by some versions of Opera Mini web browser.

obp-file-extension
obp-file-description Bryce 3D object
obp-file-description An obp file extension is related to the Bryce, a 3D rendering tool for Windows and Mac.

obpack-file-extension
obpack-file-description ObjectBar theme pack
obpack-file-description An obpack file extension is related to the ObjectBar software. An obpack file contains theme pack.

obr-file-extension
obr-file-description OSGi Bundle Repository data
obr-file-description Files with obr file extension can commonly be found as archives in OSGi Bundle Repository format.

obs-file-extension
obs-file-description WAsP obstacle list data
obs-file-description An obs file extension is related to the WAsP obstacle list file format.

obs-service-file-extension
obs-service-file-description Open Broadcaster Software data
obs-service-file-description An obs-service file suffix is related to the Open Broadcaster Software.

obskin-file-extension
obskin-file-description ObjectBar skin
obskin-file-description An obskin file extension is related to the ObjectBar application for Microsoft Windows.

obt-file-extension
obt-file-description Microsoft Office Binder template
obt-file-description An obt file extension is related to the Microsoft Office Binder and used for its template files. The Binder is obsolete product.

obv-file-extension
obv-file-description 3D Photo Browser thumbnail cache
obv-file-description An obv file extension is related to the 3D Photo Browser for Microsoft Windows. An obv file contains thumbnail cache.

obw-file-extension
obw-file-description Toontrack Superior Drummer audio
obw-file-description Files with obw file extension can be found as drum audio files from Toontrack Superior Drummer program.

obx-file-extension
obx-file-description IBM Rational XDE data
obx-file-description Files with obx file extension can be mainly found as part of Rational XDE from IBM.

oby-file-extension
oby-file-description EPOC ROM image
oby-file-description An oby file extension is related to the EPOC ROM image format. Probably obsolete.

obyx-file-extension
obyx-file-description Obyx control file
obyx-file-description Detailed description

obz-file-extension
obz-file-description Microsoft Office Binder wizard data
obz-file-description An obz file extension is related to the Binder a part of Microsoft Office. An obz file contains wizard data. Seems to be obsolete.

ob_-file-extension
ob_-file-description Unknown file extension
ob_-file-description Files with ob_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

oc4-file-extension
oc4-file-description openCanvas event data
oc4-file-description An oc4 file suffix is related to the openCanvas event data format.

oc5-file-extension
oc5-file-description openCanvas event data
oc5-file-description Files with oc5 file suffix are related to the openCanvas event data format.

oc9-file-extension
oc9-file-description OrgCon organization data
oc9-file-description An oc9 file extension is associated with the OrgCon software. An oc9 file contains organization data.

oca-file-extension
oca-file-description Visual Basic Control Typelib Cache file
oca-file-description Files with oca extension are used for Microsoft Visual Basic. It is a binary file format.

ocamlmakefile-file-extension
ocamlmakefile-file-description Caml programming language makefile
ocamlmakefile-file-description The OCAMLMAKEFILE file extension is associated with the programming language called The Caml and used for its makefiles.

ocb-file-extension
ocb-file-description Origin precompiled Origin C source code
ocb-file-description An ocb file extension is related to the Origin, a data analysis software. An ocb file contains pre-compiled Origin C source code.

occ-file-extension
occ-file-description DB/TextWorks Terms and Words database
occ-file-description Files with occ file extension are used for DB/TextWorks, including text and words database.

ocd-file-extension
ocd-file-description OCAD digitized map
ocd-file-description An ocd file extension is related to the OCAD, a topographic maps creator and used for its digitized maps.

ocdc-file-extension
ocdc-file-description Mathematica document file
ocdc-file-description Files with ocdc extension are used by the Mathematica software. They contain document data created in the program.

ocdf-file-extension
ocdf-file-description OneClickDigital mp3 audio book
ocdf-file-description Files with ocdf file extension are mp3 audio books for the OneClickDigital platform.

oce-file-extension
oce-file-description Open Catalog extension connection data
oce-file-description An oce file extension is related to the Oracle Business Intelligence. An oce file stores settings of extension connection to database.

ocen-file-extension
ocen-file-description EdGCM data file
ocen-file-description Detailed description

ocf-file-extension
ocf-file-description OM2 Cipher data
ocf-file-description An ocf file extension is related to the OM2 Cipher encryption tool. An ocf file stores some kind of data.

ocg-file-extension
ocg-file-description Osprey custom graph
ocg-file-description Files with ocg suffix are custom graphs made and exported using Osprey network visualization software.

och-file-extension
och-file-description Satellite and Channel settings backup
och-file-description An och file extension is related to the Satellite and Channel settings backup files.

oci-file-extension
oci-file-description openCanvas picture image
oci-file-description An oci file extension is associated with the openCanvas drawing program for Windows. An oci file contains picture image.

ocl-file-extension
ocl-file-description Object Constraint Language data
ocl-file-description Files with ocl file extension are related to the Object Constraint Language data format.

ocm-file-extension
ocm-file-description Netscape Communicator aim data
ocm-file-description An ocm file extension is related to the Netscape Communicator, an Internet suite. An ocm file stores aim data.

oco-file-extension
oco-file-description Open Color Format palette
oco-file-description An oco file extension is related to the color palettes saved in Open Color Format from Open Colors Tools.

ocp-file-extension
ocp-file-description Advanced Art Studio picture
ocp-file-description Files with ocp file extension can mainly be found as images from Advanced Art Studio software.

ocr-file-extension
ocr-file-description FaxGrapper FAX transcribed text
ocr-file-description An ocr file extension is related to the FaxGrapper and used for its FAX transcribed text files.

ocrec-file-extension
ocrec-file-description Microsoft Lync data
ocrec-file-description An ocrec file extension is related to the Microsoft Lync software for Microsoft Windows.

ocs-file-extension
ocs-file-description eDoc DigiSign digitally signed document
ocs-file-description Files with ocs suffix are in most cases secured documents send / prepared using the eDoc DigiSign platform by Fujitsu.

ocsmeet-file-extension
ocsmeet-file-description Microsoft Lync data
ocsmeet-file-description An ocsmeet file extension is related to the Microsoft Lync and used for its data files.

ocsp-file-extension
ocsp-file-description HAProxy OCSP data
ocsp-file-description An ocsp file extension is related to the HAProxy and used for its OCSP data files.

oct-file-extension
oct-file-description RADIANCE Octree Format
oct-file-description An oct file extension is related to the RADIANCE and used for its Octree Format data.

ocv-file-extension
ocv-file-description OCV training data
ocv-file-description Files with ocv file extension can be found as Optical Character Verification data files.

ocw-file-extension
ocw-file-description Oracle Configuration Watch template
ocw-file-description An ocw file extension is related to Oracle Configuration Watch application, or service.

oc_-file-extension
oc_-file-description Compressed ActiveX control data
oc_-file-description An oc_ file extension is related to the Compressed ActiveX control files.

od-file-extension
od-file-description Mascotte Mascopt request
od-file-description An od file extension is related to the Mascotte Mascopt and used for its request files.

od1-file-extension
od1-file-description Omnis 5 database
od1-file-description An od1 file extension is related to Omnis 5 database package. An od1 file contains database.

od2-file-extension
od2-file-description Omnis 5 database
od2-file-description An od2 file extension is associated with the Omnis 5, a database package for Microsoft Windows. An od2 file stores database.

od3-file-extension
od3-file-description Omnis Studio database
od3-file-description An od3 file extension is related to the Omnis Studio and used for its database files.

od4-9-file-extension
od4-9-file-description Omnis5 database
od4-9-file-description An od4-9 file extension is related to the Omnis5 database format. Probably obsolete.

od5-file-extension
od5-file-description Omnis 5 database
od5-file-description An od5 file extension is related to the Omnis 5 and used for its database files.

oda-file-extension
oda-file-description CALS Group IV type 2 raster image
oda-file-description An oda file suffix is related to the CALS Group IV type 2 raster image format.

odb-file-extension
odb-file-description ArcView object database ASCII data
odb-file-description An odb file extension is related to ArcView, a program for viewing and edit GIS data. A .odb file stores object database ASCII file format.

odc-file-extension
odc-file-description OpenDocument chart
odc-file-description Files with odc file extension may be found as charts prepared using one of the ODF based office suites, including the Apache OpenOffice.org.

odccubefile-file-extension
odccubefile-file-description OpenDocument 1 chart
odccubefile-file-description An odccubefile file extension is associated with the OASIS OpenDocument 1 format.

odcdatabasefile-file-extension
odcdatabasefile-file-description Microsoft Office data
odcdatabasefile-file-description An odcdatabasefile extension is related to the Microsoft Office.

odcnewfile-file-extension
odcnewfile-file-description Microsoft Office data connection
odcnewfile-file-description An odcnewfile file extension is associated with the Microsoft Office and used for its data connection files.

odcodc-file-extension
odcodc-file-description ODCODC ransomware affected file
odcodc-file-description Files with odcodc suffix may be usually found as files encrypted by the ODCODC ransomware.

odctablecollectionfile-file-extension
odctablecollectionfile-file-description Microsoft Office component
odctablecollectionfile-file-description An odctablecollectionfile file extension is related to the Microsoft Office 2013. An odctablecollectionfile file stores component.

odctablefile-file-extension
odctablefile-file-description Microsoft Office data
odctablefile-file-description An odctablefile file extension is related to the Microsoft Office and used for its data files.

odd-file-extension
odd-file-description Coby voice recorder format
odd-file-description An odd file extension is related to the Coby voice recorder format.

ode-file-extension
ode-file-description Microsoft Office data
ode-file-description An ode file extension is related to the Microsoft Office software. An ode file contains data.

odex-file-extension
odex-file-description Google Android optimized executable
odex-file-description Files with odex extension can be found as special optimized program executable data inside Android APK packages.

odh-file-extension
odh-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Interface Definition Language data
odh-file-description An odh file extension is related to Microsoft Visual Studio Interface Definition Language files.

odi-file-extension
odi-file-description Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org) image
odi-file-description Files with odi file extension can be found as Images in OpenDocument Format. Used in various open source office suites based on Oasis standard.

odif-file-extension
odif-file-description Open Document Interchange Format file
odif-file-description Files with odif extension are known as document files.

odin-file-extension
odin-file-description Locky ransomware affected file
odin-file-description Files with odin file extension may be since September 2016 encountered as renamed and encrypted files affected by the Locky ransomware.

odl-file-extension
odl-file-description Visual C++ ODL type library source
odl-file-description Files with odl file extension are related to the Visual C++ and Microsoft Visual Studio development environment. An odl file contains type library source.

odm-file-extension
odm-file-description OpenOffice.org OpenDocument global text document
odm-file-description An odm file extension is used for OpenDocument global text document files associated with the OpenOffice.org. An odm file contains text document stored in OpenDocument Format (ODF) XML file format.

odn-file-extension
odn-file-description Fluke Power Analyze database
odn-file-description Files with odn file extension are databases from Fluke Power Analyze solutions.

odo-file-extension
odo-file-description iCUBE Online Operating System Write document file
odo-file-description Files with odo extension are used by the iCube Online Operating System. They contain document created by the program.

odp-file-extension
odp-file-description OpenOffice.org OpenDocument presentation
odp-file-description An odp file extension is used for OpenDocument presentation files. OpenDocument presentation files are created by Impress presentation application that is a part of office suites that are based on free OpenOffice.org suite (OpenOffice.org, LibreOffice, StarOffice etc.). Microsoft Powerpoint is also able to open OpenDocument presentation files.

odr-file-extension
odr-file-description HMI Builder report file
odr-file-description Files with odr file extension can be usually encountered as special report specification files for .odf files from HMI Builder tool for creating human machine interfaces.

odt%23-file-extension
odt%23-file-description OpenOffice.org locked document
odt%23-file-description An odt# file extension are related to the Apache OpenOffice locked document file format.

odtpc-file-extension
odtpc-file-description Oracle User Productivity Kit presentation
odtpc-file-description An odtpc file extension is related to the Oracle User Productivity Kit. An odtpc file stores presentation.

odttf-file-extension
odttf-file-description Microsoft Office document embedded font
odttf-file-description An odttf file extension is related to the Microsoft Office an office suite for Mac and Windows. An odttf file contains document embedded font.

odu-file-extension
odu-file-description Odigo Messenger user data
odu-file-description An odu file extension is related to the Odigo Messenger and used for its user data files.

odv-file-extension
odv-file-description Ocean Data View data
odv-file-description An odv file extension is related to the Ocean Data View and used for its data files.

odvi-file-extension
odvi-file-description LaTeX file
odvi-file-description Detailed description

odx-file-extension
odx-file-description Microsoft BizTalk Server diagram
odx-file-description An odx file extension is related to the Microsoft BizTalk Server diagram format.

odz-file-extension
odz-file-description IBM OpenDoc Editor package
odz-file-description An odz file extension was associated with the IBM OpenDoc Editor package files.

od_-file-extension
od_-file-description Oracle compressed driver
od_-file-description Files with od_ file extension can be found as compressed drives from one of the Oracle installation packages.

oeaccount-file-extension
oeaccount-file-description Windows Mail account settings
oeaccount-file-description An oeaccount file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Mail and used for its account settings files.

oeb-file-extension
oeb-file-description Open eBook format
oeb-file-description Files with oeb file extension are associated with the Hamster Free eBook Converter.

oecl-file-extension
oecl-file-description Open EDA Component Library
oecl-file-description Files with oecl file extension can be found as Open EDA Component Libraries with PCB data.

oedb-file-extension
oedb-file-description Microsoft email database file
oedb-file-description Detailed description

oef-file-extension
oef-file-description IBM Optim export file
oef-file-description Files with oef suffix may be found as some sort of export data files from Optim Development Studio.

oem-file-extension
oem-file-description OEM install data
oem-file-description Files with oem file extension can be typically found in installation packages of older Windows versions. Used during setup of OEM devices.

oemigaccount-file-extension
oemigaccount-file-description Outlook Express temporary data
oemigaccount-file-description Files with oemigaccount file extension could be in the past found as temporary files generated in the Outlook Express emailing program.

oer-file-extension
oer-file-description AU OER TOOLS project
oer-file-description Files with oer file extension are related to the AU OER TOOLS and used for its projects.

oet-file-extension
oet-file-description eSignal order entry ticket
oet-file-description An oet file extension is related to the eSignal, a trading platform. An oet file contains order entry ticket.

oetpl-file-extension
oetpl-file-description Offline Explorer file
oetpl-file-description The oetpl file extension is related to the Offline Explorer a tool for Windows.

oex-file-extension
oex-file-description Opera add-on
oex-file-description An oex file extension is related to the Opera web browser. An oex file contains add-on that adds new features to Opera.

ofa-file-extension
ofa-file-description Kodak OfotoNow data
ofa-file-description An ofa file extension is related to the Kodak OfotoNow software. An ofa file contains data.

ofb-file-extension
ofb-file-description Oxygen Forensic Suite backup
ofb-file-description An ofb file extension is related to the Oxygen Forensic Suite that used to analyze cell phones, smartphones and tablets. An ofb file stores backup.

ofc-file-extension
ofc-file-description Open Financial Connectivity format
ofc-file-description Files with ofc extension can be found as financial data files in Open Financial Connectivity.

ofd-file-extension
ofd-file-description ObjectView form definition data
ofd-file-description An ofd file extension is related to the ObjectView and used for its form definition files.

off-file-extension
off-file-description DEC 3D Object File Format
off-file-description Files with off extension can be found as older graphics files saved in the DEC 3D Object file format.

officeui-file-extension
officeui-file-description Microsoft Office UI customization
officeui-file-description An officeui file extension is related to the Microsoft Office UI customization file format.

offsets-file-extension
offsets-file-description Offset data
offsets-file-description An offsets file extension is related to the Unix based operating systems.

ofl-file-extension
ofl-file-description OtsTurntables playlist
ofl-file-description Files with ofl file extension can be found as playlists from OtsTurntables software for DJs.

ofm-file-extension
ofm-file-description Embroidery design
ofm-file-description Files with ofm extension can also be found as special embroidery files for Melco stitching machines.

ofn-file-extension
ofn-file-description Microsoft Office File New (Other Office Documents)
ofn-file-description An ofn file extension is related to the Microsoft Office and used for its data files.

ofp-file-extension
ofp-file-description Objecteering project
ofp-file-description Files with ofp extension can be mainly found as projects from Objecteering UML diagramming tool.

ofr-file-extension
ofr-file-description OptimFROG encoded audio
ofr-file-description Files with ofr file extension are encoded audio files in OptimFROG format. Some media players support this format. Lossless audio format.

ofs-file-extension
ofs-file-description OptimFROG dualstream data
ofs-file-description Files with ofs file extension can be found as special audio files in OptimFROG dualstream audio format. Lossy format.

og-file-extension
og-file-description Atari Jaguar GPU (TOM) object code
og-file-description Files with og extension are created after assembling a .GAS file with MADMAC. It was used in older project files for GPU object code.

oga-file-extension
oga-file-description Ogg Vorbis audio
oga-file-description Files with oga suffix are Ogg Vorbis audio files with special, custom playback profile applied to them.

ogc-file-extension
ogc-file-description Organica document file format
ogc-file-description An ogc file extension is related to the Organica program. An ogc file contains 3D document.

ogd-file-extension
ogd-file-description Oracle Forms graph
ogd-file-description Files with ogd file extension can be mainly found as graphs prepared and saved using Oracle Forms.

ogex-file-extension
ogex-file-description Open Game Engine Exchange data
ogex-file-description An ogex file extension is related to the Open Game Engine Exchange data format.

ogf-file-extension
ogf-file-description OnkoS graphic file
ogf-file-description Files with ogf extension are used for OnkoS application. They include some graphic data.

ogf2-file-extension
ogf2-file-description MapViewGPS map coordinates
ogf2-file-description An ogf2 file extension is related to the MapViewGPS and used for its map coordinates.

ogl-file-extension
ogl-file-description ATI overlay source code
ogl-file-description An ogl file extension is associated with the overlay source code files from ATI Technologies.

ogle-file-extension
ogle-file-description Unknown file extension
ogle-file-description Files with ogle file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ogm-file-extension
ogm-file-description Ogg Vorbis media
ogm-file-description An ogm file extension is associated with the Ogg Vorbis media file container that can contains Ogg Vorbis audio and a video streams.

ognc-file-extension
ognc-file-description Dynamic web page
ognc-file-description An ognc file extension is related to the server-side scripts, used by some Internet servers.

ogo-file-extension
ogo-file-description Origin graphic object
ogo-file-description The ogo file is an Origin Graphic Object. Origin is an easy-to-use data analysis and graphing software application used by over 100,000 scientists and engineers worldwide.

ogr-file-extension
ogr-file-description OGR C++ open source library
ogr-file-description An ogr file extension is related to the OGR C++ and used for its open source library.

ogre-file-extension
ogre-file-description OGRE 3D data
ogre-file-description Files with ogre file extension are related to the OGRE, a 3D rendering engine.

ogs-file-extension
ogs-file-description Origin script
ogs-file-description Files with ogs extension are used for Origin data. Its a part of graphing software for scientists and engineers. It includes saved scripts for Origin program.

ogw-file-extension
ogw-file-description OriginLab worksheet
ogw-file-description Files with ogw file extension might be found as worksheets from OriginLab software.

ogx-file-extension
ogx-file-description Microsoft C++ component gallery exported classes and resources
ogx-file-description An ogx file extension is related to the Microsoft C++, a development tool for Windows. An ogx file stores component gallery exported classes and resources.

ogz-file-extension
ogz-file-description Cube 2 Sauerbraten map
ogz-file-description An ogz file extension is related to the Cube 2: Sauerbraten video game. An ogz file stores game map.

oh-file-extension
oh-file-description DrillAssistant list
oh-file-description An oh file extension is related to the DrillAssistant list files.

oh4-file-extension
oh4-file-description Overhoor list data
oh4-file-description Files with oh4 file extension can be found as part of the Dutch learning program called Overhoor.

ohi-file-extension
ohi-file-description Openhelp data
ohi-file-description Files with ohi file extension might be found as part of old OpenHelp program from Borland.

ohp-file-extension
ohp-file-description MS-DOS 7 file
ohp-file-description Files with ohp extension are used by the MS-DOS operating system. They include various data used for internal purposes.

ohs-file-extension
ohs-file-description Bink outbound history data
ohs-file-description Files with ohs file extension can be found as history files from Bink graphics from RAD Game Tools.

oht-file-extension
oht-file-description Oracle Help for Java links data
oht-file-description An oht file extension is related to the Oracle Help for Java and used for its links data files.

ohw-file-extension
ohw-file-description DrillAssistant list
ohw-file-description Files with ohw file extension can be found as some list for DrillAssistant training software.

oid-file-extension
oid-file-description HP ProCurve Manager network device file
oid-file-description Files with oid extension are used by the HP ProCurve Manager program. They include some network information data.

oif-file-extension
oif-file-description QuickBase web-sharable database interchange data
oif-file-description An oif file extension is related to the QuickBase, a web-sharable database interchange file format.

oil-file-extension
oil-file-description Open Image Library Format image format
oil-file-description Files with oil file extension are in most cases images in Open Image Library Format.

oit-file-extension
oit-file-description SleepScan and Ceegraph offset index
oit-file-description Files with oit file extension can be found as part of old program from Natus Medical, such as SleepScan or Ceegraph.

oiv-file-extension
oiv-file-description OpenIV mod archive
oiv-file-description An oiv file extension is related to the OpenIV, a mod installer used by various video games. An oiv file stores mod archive.

oj-file-extension
oj-file-description Atari Jaguar DSP (JERRY) object module
oj-file-description Files with oj file extension are also reported to be found on Atari Jaguar and used for object modules.

ojp-file-extension
ojp-file-description 3WayPack data
ojp-file-description Files with ojp file extension might be found as 3WayPack text files.

ojz-file-extension
ojz-file-description Océ Publisher compressed job
ojz-file-description An ojz file extension is related to the Océ Publisher and used for its compressed job files.

ok-file-extension
ok-file-description QEDIT data
ok-file-description An ok file extension is related to the QEDIT tool for Microsoft Windows.

okd-file-extension
okd-file-description Lenovo OneKey Recovery data
okd-file-description An okd file extension is related to the Lenovo OneKey Recovery a recovery software for Windows.

okf-file-extension
okf-file-description OKF font file format
okf-file-description An okf file extension is related to the OKF font file format used to store free fonts.

okm-file-extension
okm-file-description Open Knowledge Management script
okm-file-description Files with okm file extension can mainly be found as scripts from OpenKM platform.

okozo-file-extension
okozo-file-description Okozo Desktop animation data
okozo-file-description Files with okozo file extension can be found as some sort of animated wallpapers for Windows made in Okozo Desktop program.

okr-file-extension
okr-file-description PowerRecover one key recovery file
okr-file-description Files with okr suffix can be found as backup and recovery files from Cyberlink PowerRecover.

oks-file-extension
oks-file-description OKScript script
oks-file-description Files with oks file extension are scripts from OKScript keystroke automation software.

okt-file-extension
okt-file-description Oktalyzer music module (MOD)
okt-file-description An okt file extension is related to the Oktalyzer music module file format.

okx-file-extension
okx-file-description OKScript data
okx-file-description An okx file extension is related to the OKScript software.

ol-file-extension
ol-file-description Valve Hammer object layout
ol-file-description An ol file extension is related to the Valve Hammer Editor. An ol file contains object layout.

olb-file-extension
olb-file-description Microsoft Office OLE Object Library
olb-file-description An olb file extension is related to the Microsoft Office and used for its OLE object libraries.

olb2-file-extension
olb2-file-description CanOpener Library file
olb2-file-description Detailed description

ole-file-extension
ole-file-description Microsoft Object Linking and Embedding data
ole-file-description Files with ole file extension can be found as Microsoft Object Linking and Embedding files. One of the typical file type in Windows.

ole2-file-extension
ole2-file-description Microsoft Office binary document container format
ole2-file-description ole2 data container is used to store documents, spreadsheets, presentations, etc. from Microsoft Office applications.

olf-file-extension
olf-file-description OyezForms legal document
olf-file-description Files with olf extension is related to the OyezForms and used for its legal document files.

olg-file-extension
olg-file-description Orbit legend data
olg-file-description An olg file extension is related to the Orbit a GIS framework. An olg file stores legend.

olk-file-extension
olk-file-description Microsoft Outlook address book
olk-file-description An olk file extension is associated with the Microsoft Outlook a time management and e-mail client. An olk file stores data related to Outlook address book.

olk14-file-extension
olk14-file-description Microsoft Outlook for Mac message
olk14-file-description An olk14 file extension is related to Microsoft Outlook for Mac, an e-mail client and time management tool. An olk14 file stores e-mail messages.

olk14arrange-file-extension
olk14arrange-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data
olk14arrange-file-description An olk14arrange file extension is associated with the Microsoft Outlook for Apple Mac computers. An olk14arrange file contains data.

olk14calattach-file-extension
olk14calattach-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data
olk14calattach-file-description An olk14calattach file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook for Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system.

olk14category-file-extension
olk14category-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac category data
olk14category-file-description An olk14category file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 and used for its category data.

olk14contact-file-extension
olk14contact-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac contact
olk14contact-file-description An olk14contact file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Apple Mac. An olk14contact file stores contacts.

olk14dbheader-file-extension
olk14dbheader-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac database
olk14dbheader-file-description An olk14dbheader file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac database format.

olk14event-file-extension
olk14event-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data
olk14event-file-description An olk14event file extension is associated with the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac.

olk14exaccount-file-extension
olk14exaccount-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data
olk14exaccount-file-description An olk14exaccount file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data files.

olk14exmoves-file-extension
olk14exmoves-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data
olk14exmoves-file-description Files with olk14exmoves file extension are related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data.

olk14exsyncmap-file-extension
olk14exsyncmap-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data
olk14exsyncmap-file-description An olk14exsyncmap file extension is associated with the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac.

olk14folder-file-extension
olk14folder-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac folder data
olk14folder-file-description Files with olk14folder file extension are used for Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac. They include Outlook mail folder.

olk14imapsyncmap-file-extension
olk14imapsyncmap-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data
olk14imapsyncmap-file-description An olk14imapsyncmap file extension is associated with the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac data files.

olk14mailaccount-file-extension
olk14mailaccount-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac mail account settings
olk14mailaccount-file-description An olk14mailaccount file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac mail account settings.

olk14message-file-extension
olk14message-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac message
olk14message-file-description Files with olk14message extension are e-mail messages saved with Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac.

olk14msgattach-file-extension
olk14msgattach-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac message attachment
olk14msgattach-file-description An olk14msgattach file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac and used for its message attachment files.

olk14msgsource-file-extension
olk14msgsource-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac message source
olk14msgsource-file-description An olk14msgsource file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac and used for its message source files.

olk14pref-file-extension
olk14pref-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac preferences
olk14pref-file-description An olk14pref file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook for Mac. An olk14pref file stores preferences.

olk14recent-file-extension
olk14recent-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac recent address
olk14recent-file-description An olk14recent file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook for Mac version 2011. An olk14recent file contains recent address.

olk14rule-file-extension
olk14rule-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac rule file
olk14rule-file-description Detailed description

olk14schedule-file-extension
olk14schedule-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac schedule data
olk14schedule-file-description An olk14schedule file extension is related to hte Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Apple Mac. An olk14schedule file stores schedule.

olk14search-file-extension
olk14search-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac saved search
olk14search-file-description An olk14search file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac, a time management program and

olk14signature-file-extension
olk14signature-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac signature
olk14signature-file-description An olk14signature file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook for Mac. An olk14signature file stores signature.

olk14uid-file-extension
olk14uid-file-description Microsoft Outlook 2011 for Mac UID file
olk14uid-file-description Detailed description

olk15message-file-extension
olk15message-file-description Microsoft Outlook for Mac message
olk15message-file-description Files with olk15message extension are e-mail messages saved with Microsoft Outlook 2016 for Mac.

oll-file-extension
oll-file-description TrialDirector load file
oll-file-description Files with oll extension are related to TrialDirector program.

olm-file-extension
olm-file-description Outlook for Mac e-mail database
olm-file-description Files with olm extension can be quite often found as email client databases from Microsoft Outlook for Mac. Similar to PST format in purpose

oln-file-extension
oln-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ outline examples data
oln-file-description An oln file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++ development tool. An oln file stores outline examples data.

olproj-file-extension
olproj-file-description Adobe OnLocation project
olproj-file-description An olproj file extension is related to the Adobe OnLocation and used for its project files.

olr-file-extension
olr-file-description Openlab RAW image
olr-file-description An olr file extension is related to the Openlab RAW image file format used by Openlab software.

ols-file-extension
ols-file-description Microsoft Office list shortcut
ols-file-description Files with ols file extension might be mostly found as list shortcut files from Microsoft Office and its Microsoft Publisher program.

olsr-file-extension
olsr-file-description Olsrd configuration
olsr-file-description Files with olsr file extension are related to the Olsrd configuration data.

olt-file-extension
olt-file-description Orbit Downloader download list file
olt-file-description Files with olt extension are used by Orbit Downloader as an output file which can be imported too.

olv-file-extension
olv-file-description OnLive! Traveler sound data
olv-file-description An olv file extension is related to the OnLive! Traveler and used for its sound files.

oly-file-extension
oly-file-description AFP Advanced Function Presentation overlay resource file
oly-file-description Files with oly extension are used by AFP architecture software. They store document and information presentation.

oma-file-extension
oma-file-description Sony OpenMG music format
oma-file-description Files with oma file extension are commonly found as audio files in special Sony OpenMG audio format that was introduced in 2002.

omb-file-extension
omb-file-description Omnibus Offline Web Storage data
omb-file-description An omb file extension is related to the Omnibus by Alfega Technologies, Inc. An omb file contains data.

omc-file-extension
omc-file-description Origin customized menu data
omc-file-description An omc file extension is related to the Origin a data analysis software. An omc file stores customized menu.

omd-file-extension
omd-file-description MapInfo Routing J Server data
omd-file-description An omd file extension is related to the MapInfo Routing J Server and used for its data files.

ome-file-extension
ome-file-description Open Microscopy Environment OME image
ome-file-description Files with ome file extension can be found as special microscope images saved in OMERO software from University of Dundee & Open Microscopy Environment.

omeg-file-extension
omeg-file-description Mathematica for Mac file
omeg-file-description Detailed description

omf-file-extension
omf-file-description Open Media Framework file
omf-file-description Files with omf suffix are in most cases multimedia files saved in the Open Media Framework Interchange file format.

omfi-file-extension
omfi-file-description Open Media Framework data
omfi-file-description An omfi file extension is related to the Open Media Framework. Probably obsolete.

omg-file-extension
omg-file-description O&O DiskImage backup
omg-file-description Files with omg file extension can be mostly found as backups made in O&O DiskImage program.

omi-file-extension
omi-file-description Orbit multiresolution image
omi-file-description An omi file extension is related to Orbit GIS and used for its Orbit multiresolution image files.

omk-file-extension
omk-file-description Ocera Make System script
omk-file-description An omk file extension is related to the Ocera Make System (OMK). An omk file contains script.

oml-file-extension
oml-file-description TracePro model file
oml-file-description An oml file extension is related with the TracePro and used for its model files.

omlog-file-extension
omlog-file-description CA OM Web Viewer log
omlog-file-description An omlog file extension is related to the CA OM Web Viewer log files.

omm-file-extension
omm-file-description OptiMatrix Maker data
omm-file-description An omm file extension is associated with the OptiMatrix Maker data format.

omn-file-extension
omn-file-description Omnipotent collection data
omn-file-description Files with omn file extension can mainly be found as ASCII text files that contain some sort of data collection.

omo-file-extension
omo-file-description OMake object
omo-file-description Files with omo file extension can be found as object data files from OMake program.

omod-file-extension
omod-file-description Oblivion Mod Manager mod
omod-file-description Files with omod file extension are associated with Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion and used for its mod files.

omp-file-extension
omp-file-description OpenMind project
omp-file-description Files with omp file extension are related to the OpenMind (MindView) software for Windows and Mac. An omp file contains project.

omr-file-extension
omr-file-description OMR template
omr-file-description Files with omr file extension are OMR templates for OMR Reader program.

oms-file-extension
oms-file-description Order Maven data
oms-file-description An oms file extension is related to the Order Maven software for Windows. An oms file contains some kind of data.

omt-file-extension
omt-file-description SITH HLA object model template file
omt-file-description Files with omt extension are used for the SITH program. They include HLA object model templates.

omu-file-extension
omu-file-description XWE data
omu-file-description An omu file extension is related to the XWE editor and used for its data files.

omw-file-extension
omw-file-description Omweso game data
omw-file-description An omw file extension is related to the Omweso software and used for its game data. Obsolete video game.

omx-file-extension
omx-file-description OtsAV media library information
omx-file-description An omx file extension is related to the OtsAV media library information file format.

omz-file-extension
omz-file-description Market data
omz-file-description An omz file extension is related to the market apps and used for their data files.

on2-file-extension
on2-file-description on2 encoded FLV data
on2-file-description Files with on2 file extension are Flash videos with on2 codec.

onb-file-extension
onb-file-description OpenModelica document
onb-file-description Files with onb file extension is related to the OpenModelica document format.

onbatch-file-extension
onbatch-file-description ON1 Photo data
onbatch-file-description An onbatch file extension is related to the ON1 Photo, a digital photo editing tool. An onbatch file contains some kind of data.

ond-file-extension
ond-file-description Lotus Notes data
ond-file-description An ond file extension is related to Lotus Notes collaboration software from IBM.

onebin-file-extension
onebin-file-description OneNote data
onebin-file-description Files with onebin file extension can be found as part of Microsoft OneNote software.

onecache-file-extension
onecache-file-description Microsoft OneNote cache file
onecache-file-description Files with onecache extension can be usually found as temporary cache files generated by Microsoft OneNote note-taking software.

oneffects-file-extension
oneffects-file-description Perfect Effects data
oneffects-file-description An oneffects file extension is related to the Perfect Effects software for Mac and Windows.

onenhance-file-extension
onenhance-file-description Perfect Effects data
onenhance-file-description A .onenhance file extension is related to the Perfect Effects and used for its data files.

onepassword-license-file-extension
onepassword-license-file-description 1Password license
onepassword-license-file-description An onepassword-license file extension is related to the 1Password license files.

onepkg_1033-file-extension
onepkg_1033-file-description Microsoft update data
onepkg_1033-file-description A onepkg_1033 file extension is related to the Windows Update. A onepkg_1033 stores some kind of update data.

onetmp-file-extension
onetmp-file-description Microsoft OneNote temporary data
onetmp-file-description An onetmp file extension is related to the Microsoft OneNote, a note taking and information management program. An onetmp file contains temporary data.

onetoc-file-extension
onetoc-file-description Microsoft OneNote table of contents
onetoc-file-description A onetoc file extension is related to the Microsoft OneNote and used for its table of contents files.

onetoc2-file-extension
onetoc2-file-description Microsoft OneNote table of contents
onetoc2-file-description Files with onetoc2 extension can be typically encountered as saved table of content from Microsoft OneNote information management software.

onexport-file-extension
onexport-file-description ON1 Photo data
onexport-file-description Files with onexport file extension are related to the ON1 Photo data format.

onion-file-extension
onion-file-description Dharma ransomware affected data
onion-file-description Files with onion file extension can be found as files encrypted and affected by a ransomware labeled as Dharma.

onlineresources-file-extension
onlineresources-file-description Online resources data
onlineresources-file-description Files with onlineresources file extension might be found as stored Online Resources for some programs. Data file.

onm-file-extension
onm-file-description Outdoor Navigator map
onm-file-description An onm file extension is related to the Outdoor Navigator a navigation software. An .onm file stores map.

onpf-file-extension
onpf-file-description Apple DocViewer file
onpf-file-description Detailed description

onportrait-file-extension
onportrait-file-description ON1 Photo data
onportrait-file-description Files with onportrait file suffix are associated with ON1 Photo program. An onportrait file contains data.

onportraitfd-file-extension
onportraitfd-file-description Perfect Effects data
onportraitfd-file-description An onportraitfd file extension is related to the Perfect Effects software.

onpreset-file-extension
onpreset-file-description Perfect Effects preset
onpreset-file-description An onpreset file extension is related to the Perfect Effects software. An onpreset file stores settings used to enhance digital photos.

onresize-file-extension
onresize-file-description Perfect Effects data
onresize-file-description An onresize file extension is related to the Perfect Effects software.

ont-file-extension
ont-file-description theWord module
ont-file-description An ont file extension is related to theWorld, a Bible studying software. An ont file contains module.

ontx-file-extension
ontx-file-description theWord encrypted module
ontx-file-description An ontx file suffix is related to theWord, a program for Microsoft Windows, used to study Holy Bible. An ontx file contains encrypted module.

onw-file-extension
onw-file-description Omron HMI NTST data
onw-file-description Files with omw file extension are mostly used by NTST software for programming of Omron machines.

onx-file-extension
onx-file-description OnyxGrass image
onx-file-description Files with onx file extension can be found as images from OnyxGRASS graphics modeler.

oo3-file-extension
oo3-file-description OmniOutliner data
oo3-file-description An oo3 file extension is related to the OmniOutliner, a program for organizing information.

ooa-file-extension
ooa-file-description OOA Interchange Format Data
ooa-file-description An ooa file suffix are related to the OOA Interchange Format Data.

oob-file-extension
oob-file-description Steel Panthers World At War data
oob-file-description Files with oob file extension can be found as data files from Steel Panthers: World At War computer game.

ooc-file-extension
ooc-file-description CHARTrunner definition data
ooc-file-description An ooc file extension is related to the CHARTrunner and used for its definition files.

oodagtdat-file-extension
oodagtdat-file-description O&O Defrag binary report
oodagtdat-file-description An oodagtdat file extension is related to the O&O Defrag software and used for its binary report files.

oodagtid-file-extension
oodagtid-file-description O&O Defrag binary report
oodagtid-file-description The oodagtid file extension is related to the O&O Defrag binary report files.

oodagtrpd-file-extension
oodagtrpd-file-description O&O Defrag binary report
oodagtrpd-file-description The oodagtrpd file extension is related to the O&O Defrag and used for its binary report files.

oodbri-file-extension
oodbri-file-description O&O Defrag binary report
oodbri-file-description An oodbri file extension is related to the O&O Defrag binary report files.

oodbrp-file-extension
oodbrp-file-description O&O Defrag GUI settings
oodbrp-file-description The oodbrp file extension is related to the O&O Defrag GUI settings files.

oodguisettings-file-extension
oodguisettings-file-description O&O Defrag GUI settings
oodguisettings-file-description An oodguisettings file extension is associated with  O&O Defrag software from O&O Software GmBH.

oog-file-extension
oog-file-description PyGraph Python Graphics Interface object oriented graphics
oog-file-description An oog file extension is associated with the PyGraph Python Graphics Interface. An oog file stores object oriented graphics data.

oogl-file-extension
oogl-file-description Geomview Object Oriented Graphics Library
oogl-file-description Files with oogl file extension can be found as ASCII files in Geomview's Object Oriented Graphics Library format.

ook-file-extension
ook-file-description Arachne batch script
ook-file-description An ook file extension is related to the Arachne an Internet web browser for MS-DOS. An ook file stores batch script.

ool-file-extension
ool-file-description Orbit object list
ool-file-description An ool file extension is related to the Orbit a GIS software. An ool file contains object list.

oom-file-extension
oom-file-description Shroom swap
oom-file-description Files with oom file extension can be found as swap files from old Shroom program.

oop-file-extension
oop-file-description OOP Packer archive
oop-file-description An oop file extension is related to the OOP Packer and used for its archives.

oops-file-extension
oops-file-description Oops file
oops-file-description Files with oops extension are not used for any application yet.

oos-file-extension
oos-file-description Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org) spreadsheet
oos-file-description An oos file extension is related to the Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org), an office suite for Windows, Mac, Linux, etc. An oos file contains spreadsheet.

oot-file-extension
oot-file-description Apache OpenOffice (OpneOffice.org) text document
oot-file-description An oot file extension is related to the OpenOffice.org (Apache OpenOffice) software for Windows, Linux and Mac. An oot file contains text.

op-file-extension
op-file-description eSignal OptionsPlus data
op-file-description Files with op file extension are associated with the eSignal OptionsPlus data format.

op2-file-extension
op2-file-description Outpost 2 saved game
op2-file-description An op2 file extension is related to Outpost 2 real-time strategy computer game. An op2 file contains saved player's game position.

op4-file-extension
op4-file-description Nastran output data
op4-file-description An op4 file extension is related to the MSC Nastran and used for its output files.

opa-file-extension
opa-file-description Psion OPL object
opa-file-description An opa file extension is related to Psion Series 3 PDAs and used for its object files.

opal-file-extension
opal-file-description Microsoft Office Customization Tool (OCT) language-specific settings
opal-file-description Files with opal file extension can be found as settings file from Microsoft Office. Used by the Office Customization Tool.

opax-file-extension
opax-file-description Microsoft Office Customization Tool (OCT) standard settings
opax-file-description Files with opax extension can be found as settings files for Microsoft Office Customization Tool.

opb-file-extension
opb-file-description Bryce object
opb-file-description An opb file extension is related to Bryce modeling software and used for its object files.

opc-file-extension
opc-file-description Microsoft Office 97 upgrade control data
opc-file-description An opc file extension is related to Microsoft Office 97. An opc file contains upgrade control data.

opcses-file-extension
opcses-file-description Opticodec-PC data
opcses-file-description An opcses file extension is related to the Opticodec-PC live streaming software.

opd-file-extension
opd-file-description Durango Interferometry Software document
opd-file-description Files with opd suffix may be usually encountered as documents exported in the Durango Interferometry Software for data acquisition, analysis and evaluation.

opdownload-file-extension
opdownload-file-description Opera incomplete download
opdownload-file-description Files with opdownload extension can be found as partially finished downloads done through Opera web browser.

opef-file-extension
opef-file-description OmniPass encrypted folder
opef-file-description An opef file extension is related to the OmniPass and used for its encrypted folder files.

openbsd-file-extension
openbsd-file-description OpenBSD readme document
openbsd-file-description An .openbsd file extension is related to readme documents used by OpenBSD Unix operating systems.

opentag-file-extension
opentag-file-description OpenTag file
opentag-file-description Detailed description

opf-file-extension
opf-file-description Open Packaging Format
opf-file-description An opf file extension is related to Open Packaging Format, an XML-based format used to store e-books.

opg-file-extension
opg-file-description Offline Plan Generation package
opg-file-description Files with opg file extension can be mainly found as compressed packages from the Offline Plan Generation program.

oph-file-extension
oph-file-description Clipboard data
oph-file-description Files with oph file extension can be found as part of very old program Clipboard for Psion Series 5 devices.

opi-file-extension
opi-file-description Adlib OCR processing information data
opi-file-description Files with opi file extension are related to Adlib ExpressRecognition Server, saved processing information files.

opj-file-extension
opj-file-description OrCAD capture project file
opj-file-description Files with opj extension can mainly be found as projects created in OrCAD PCB Designer program.

opk-file-extension
opk-file-description Sinking Island game data
opk-file-description An opk file extension is related to the Sinking Island adventure game. An opk file stores game data.

opl-file-extension
opl-file-description Open Programming Language source code
opl-file-description Files with opl file extension might be found as source codes in Psion OPL programming language.

oplc-file-extension
oplc-file-description Nokia logo
oplc-file-description Files with oplc file extension are logos for Nokia photons. Renamed PNG format.

oplm-file-extension
oplm-file-description Outline Processor Markup Language source code
oplm-file-description Files with oplm file extension can be found as source files in the Outline Processor Markup Language.

oplx-file-extension
oplx-file-description Omniplan project document
oplx-file-description Files with oplx file extension can be usually found as project documents prepared and saved using Omniplan software.

opn-file-extension
opn-file-description Rebel Strip Poker opponent data
opn-file-description An opn file extension is related to the Strip Poker, a card video game. An opn file contains opponent data.

opo-file-extension
opo-file-description Psion OPL object
opo-file-description Files with opo file suffix are related to the Psion OPL object format.

opp-file-extension
opp-file-description iPhotoDVD file
opp-file-description Files with opp extension are used for iPhotoDVD program.

oppc-file-extension
oppc-file-description Space Marine game resource package
oppc-file-description Files with oppc file extension can be usually encountered as game resource archives from Space Marine video game. Possibly also used in other games based on same game engine.

oppo-file-extension
oppo-file-description oppo core data
oppo-file-description An oppo file extension is related to the oppo tool. An oppo file contains core data.

opq-file-extension
opq-file-description Eschalon: Book I game data
opq-file-description An opq file extension is related to the Eschalon: Book I computer game. An opq file stores game data.

opr-file-extension
opr-file-description OPRO X Browser data
opr-file-description An opr file extension is related to the OPRO X Browser and used for its some kind of data files.

oprc-file-extension
oprc-file-description Palm OS data
oprc-file-description An oprc file extension is related to the Palm OS operating system for mobile devices.

ops-file-extension
ops-file-description Microsoft Office profile settings
ops-file-description Files with ops extension can be mainly found as special profile settings files from Microsoft Office. These are generated by the Profile Wizard and contains user's settings that include standard locations for files and templates.

opsx-file-extension
opsx-file-description Open Pedigree Standard Exchange Document
opsx-file-description An opsx file suffix is associated with the Open Pedigree Standard Exchange Document.

opt-file-extension
opt-file-description MySQL database data
opt-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe OPT file extension!

options-file-extension
options-file-description SE-SOFT configuration data
options-file-description A .options file extension is related to the SE-SOFT SE-DesktopApps gadgets for Windows and used for their configuration files.

opts-file-extension
opts-file-description Linux configuration options
opts-file-description An opts file extension is related to the Linux operating system and used for its configuration options.

opuscert-file-extension
opuscert-file-description Directory Opus certificate
opuscert-file-description Files with opuscert file extension are related to the Directory Opus certificate format.

opv-file-extension
opv-file-description OpenPanorama visit data
opv-file-description Files with opv file extension might be found as XML based OpenPanorama visit files. No further info could be found.

opw-file-extension
opw-file-description OrgPlus for Windows organization chart
opw-file-description Files with opw file extension are organization charts from HumanConcepts software solutions.

opxs-file-extension
opxs-file-description Mistyped oxps data
opxs-file-description An opxs file extension is related to the OpenXPS (Open XML Paper Specification) - see oxps.

opxt-file-extension
opxt-file-description OrpPlus template
opxt-file-description Files with opxt file extension might be found as templates from OrgPlus software by Insperity.

opy-file-extension
opy-file-description OptiY model
opy-file-description Files with opy file extension can be found as data models for the OptiY design environment.

opz-file-extension
opz-file-description OPTech data
opz-file-description An opz file extension is related to camera survey products developed by OPTech.

op_-file-extension
op_-file-description GKSetup support data
op_-file-description An op_ file extension is related to the GKSetup software and used for its support data files. Probably obsolete.

oqy-file-extension
oqy-file-description Microsoft Excel OLAP query data
oqy-file-description An oqy file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editing tool. An oqy file contains OLAP query data.

or2-file-extension
or2-file-description Lotus Organizer 2 data
or2-file-description An or2 file extension is related to the Lotus Organizer and used for its data files.

or3-file-extension
or3-file-description IBM Lotus Organizer 97 data
or3-file-description An or3 file extension is related to the IBM Lotus Organizer 97 software. An or3 file contains some data.

or4-file-extension
or4-file-description Lotus Organizer data
or4-file-description An or4 file extension is related to the Lotus Organizer, a PIM program. An or4 file stores data.

or5-file-extension
or5-file-description IBM Lotus Organizer data
or5-file-description An or5 file extension is related to the IBM Lotus Organizer and used for its data files.

or6-file-extension
or6-file-description Lotus Organizer data
or6-file-description An or6 file extension is related to the Lotus Organizer program. An or6 file contains data.

or8-file-extension
or8-file-description Rational Rose Oracle8 database model report file
or8-file-description Detailed description

ora-file-extension
ora-file-description Oracle database parameter configuration data
ora-file-description Files with ora file extension can be traditionally found as saved database parameter configuration files for Oracle databases.

orb-file-extension
orb-file-description Original eBook Reader e-book
orb-file-description Files with orb file extension can be typically found as ebooks in the Original eBook Reader format.

orc-file-extension
orc-file-description CSound Orchestra midi audio
orc-file-description The ORC file extension is related to the CSound Orchestra midi file format.

ord-file-extension
ord-file-description OMAX routed data
ord-file-description Files with ord file extension can be also found as data saved in OMAX Routed Data File format.

orderedtest-file-extension
orderedtest-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio ordered test
orderedtest-file-description An orderedtest file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its ordered test files.

ore-file-extension
ore-file-description Narbacular Drop game content data
ore-file-description An ore file extension is related to the Narbacular Drop game content data format.

org-file-extension
org-file-description Lotus Organiser data
org-file-description An org file extension is related to the Lotus Organiser and used for its data files.

org2%2B-file-extension
org2%2B-file-description Lotus Organizer data
org2%2B-file-description An org2+ file extension is associated with the Lotus Organizer and used for its data files.

ori-file-extension
ori-file-description Backup of original file before changes
ori-file-description Files with ori suffix can be in most cases find in backups of original files that had their extension renamed to safe keep the files along the new, changed files.

orig-file-extension
orig-file-description Mostly backup of original file before changes
orig-file-description An orig file extension is related to some programs that use it to keep the original file, when copying, renaming, altering or otherwise changing a content of the file.

original-file-extension
original-file-description Netobjects Fusion components Bbscomp message data
original-file-description An original file extension is related to the Netobjects Fusion components Bbscomp message data format.

original_epub-file-extension
original_epub-file-description EPUB e-book backup
original_epub-file-description Files with original_epub file extension can be found as original backup files of standard EPUB ebook. It is just renamed file extension.

original_mobi-file-extension
original_mobi-file-description MOBI ebook backup
original_mobi-file-description Files with original_mobi extension can be found as original backup files of standard EPUB e-book. It is just renamed file extension.

orj-file-extension
orj-file-description InterSelect PhotoScan data
orj-file-description An orj file extension is related to the InterSelect PhotoScan.

ork-file-extension
ork-file-description Warhammer Mark of Chaos game archive
ork-file-description An ork file extension is related to the Warhammer Mark of Chaos game archive format.

orl-file-extension
orl-file-description Object-Relational Language code
orl-file-description Files with orl file extension might be found as source codes in Object-Relational Language.

ormdesigner-file-extension
ormdesigner-file-description ORM Designer project
ormdesigner-file-description An ormdesigner file extension is associated with the ORM Designer and used for its project files.

oro-file-extension
oro-file-description 3WayPack output
oro-file-description An oro file extension is associated with the 3WayPack program for Microsoft Windows.

orp-file-extension
orp-file-description Microsoft Translator for Android resources
orp-file-description An orp file extension is associated with the Microsoft Translator for Android, a text and speech translating app.

orq-file-extension
orq-file-description Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) request data
orq-file-description An orq file extension is related to the Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP) request data format.

ors-file-extension
ors-file-description Online Certificate Status Protocol data
ors-file-description An ors file extension is related to the Online Certificate Status Protocol files used for obtaining the revocation status of an X.509 digital certificate.

ort-file-extension
ort-file-description IBM Lotus Quickr Rich Text Editor document
ort-file-description An ort file extension is related to the IBM Lotus Quickr Rich Text Editor and COREX orthographic transcriptions file format.

orv-file-extension
orv-file-description Oracom video data
orv-file-description Files with orv file extension are videos in old Oracom Video Format.

orx-file-extension
orx-file-description RadiantOne Virtual Directory Server database schema
orx-file-description Files with orx extension are used for the RadiantOne Virtual Directory server. They include datbase data.

ory-file-extension
ory-file-description Sage ACT! data
ory-file-description An ory file extension is related to the Sage ACT!, a customer relationship management software.

orz-file-extension
orz-file-description Holic game data
orz-file-description An orz file extension is related to the Holic video game and used for its game data.

os-file-extension
os-file-description Google Android data
os-file-description Files with os extension can be encountered as part of Google Android operating system for smart phones and tablets.

os2-file-extension
os2-file-description OS/2 system data
os2-file-description An os2 file extension is related to the OS/2 system from IBM. An .os2 file contains system data.

os3-file-extension
os3-file-description OS/2 Warp 3 data
os3-file-description An os3 file extension is associated with the OS/2 Warp 3 operating system. An os3 file contains data.

osa-file-extension
osa-file-description W32/Sober-AD data
osa-file-description Files with osa file extension are mostly generated by malicious W32/Sober-AD mass-mailing worm. Take great care when working with these files and run anti-virus software.

osas-file-extension
osas-file-description AppleScript library tani script
osas-file-description An osas file extension is related to the AppleScript programming language. An osas file stores library tani script.

osax-file-extension
osax-file-description AppleScript scripting addition data
osax-file-description An osax file suffix is related to the AppleScript scripting addition data format.

osb-file-extension
osb-file-description Sega Dreamcast sound
osb-file-description An osb file extension is related to the Sega Dreamcast, a video gaming console. An osb file stores audio data.

osbd-file-extension
osbd-file-description Oni sound binary data format
osbd-file-description An osbd file extension is related to the Oni, a video game for Windows and Mac. An osbd file stores sound binary data format.

osbx-file-extension
osbx-file-description OneSafe exported backup
osbx-file-description An osbx file extension is related to the OneSafe, a data protection and password management utility for Mac, iOS and Android. An osbx file stores user's data backup.

osc-file-extension
osc-file-description Remote Installation Services client installation wizard
osc-file-description Files with osc suffix can be quite often found as client installation wizard data files for the Remote Installation Services, a part of Microsoft Windows.

oscd-file-extension
oscd-file-description TouchOSC Interface Editor template file
oscd-file-description Files with oscd extension are used for TouchOSC a modular OSC and MIDI control surface for Apple products. They include contain templates  for TouchOSC Interface Editor.

osd-file-extension
osd-file-description Open software description data
osd-file-description An osd file extension is related to the Open software description file format.

osdx-file-extension
osdx-file-description Microsoft Windows search connector
osdx-file-description Files with osdx file extension were used for Web services or to remote storage locations on Windows 7.

osf-file-extension
osf-file-description Descent 3 sound data
osf-file-description An osf file extension is related to the Descent 3 computer game. An osf file contains sound data.

osg-file-extension
osg-file-description OpenSceneGraph model
osg-file-description Files with osg file extension can be found as 3D model based on the OpenSceneGraph toolkit.

osgb-file-extension
osgb-file-description OpenSceneGraph binary scene data
osgb-file-description Files with osgb file suffix are related to the OpenSceneGraph binary scene data format.

osgt-file-extension
osgt-file-description OpenSceneGraph ASCII scene data
osgt-file-description An osgt file suffix is related to the OpenSceneGraph, a 3D modeling tool. An osgt file contains ASCII scene data.

osh-file-extension
osh-file-description IBM InfoSphere schema
osh-file-description Files with osh file extension are related to the IBM InfoSphere schema file format.

osi-file-extension
osi-file-description Osiris database
osi-file-description An osi file extension is related to the Osiris a host integrity monitoring system. An osi file contains database.

osinstallmessages-file-extension
osinstallmessages-file-description macOS system data
osinstallmessages-file-description A osinstallmessages file extension is related to the Mac OS X (macOS) operating system.

osiris-file-extension
osiris-file-description Locky (variant) ransomware affected data
osiris-file-description Files with osiris file extension may be since December 2016 encountered as renamed and encrypted files affected by the Locky ransomware.

osk-file-extension
osk-file-description Osu! skin
osk-file-description Files with osk file extension are related to the Osu! video game. An osk file contains skin.

osl-file-extension
osl-file-description OckamSoft log
osl-file-description Files with osl file extension can be found as log files from OckamSoft sailboat racing software.

osm-file-extension
osm-file-description OpenStreetMap data
osm-file-description An osm file extension is related to the OpenStreetMap and used for its data files.

osn-file-extension
osn-file-description Open Symbolic Notation data
osn-file-description Files with osn file extension can be found as special data interchange text files (UTF-8) in Open Symbolic Notation format.

osp-file-extension
osp-file-description Crystal Semiconductor driver data
osp-file-description An osp file extension is related to drivers for Crystal Semiconductor audio chipsets.

ospx-file-extension
ospx-file-description Dell KACE patch definition
ospx-file-description Files with ospx extension can be typically found as some kind of patch definition files for Dell KACE.

osr-file-extension
osr-file-description osu! game replay
osr-file-description Files with osr extension are almost always game replays from the osu! rhythm computer game for Windows.

oss-file-extension
oss-file-description Microsoft Office saved search file
oss-file-description Files with oss extension are used for Microsoft Office. Files include saved searches.

ost-file-extension
ost-file-description Microsoft Outlook inbox off-line folder
ost-file-description An ost file extension is used for Microsoft Outlook Offline Folders files. The ost files are used to store e-mail messages and other data download from an Microsoft Exchange server. Microsoft Outlook Offline Folders files are very similar to Outlook personal folders files (.pst files).

osu-file-extension
osu-file-description osu! script
osu-file-description Files with osu extension are dialog data files from a free music rhythm computer game called osu!.

osw-file-extension
osw-file-description Powernet waveform data
osw-file-description An osw file extension is related to the Powernet waveform file format used by Eaton.

osx-file-extension
osx-file-description Apple Mac OS PowerPC executable
osx-file-description Files with osx file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS system for Apple PowerPC based Macs and used for executable files.

osz-file-extension
osz-file-description Osu! beatmap data
osz-file-description An osz file extension is related to the Osu!, a variety of popular rhythm games. An osz file stores beatmap.

osz2-file-extension
osz2-file-description osu! data
osz2-file-description An osz2 file extension is related to the osu!, a computer game for Apple Mac OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows.

os_-file-extension
os_-file-description Unknown file extension
os_-file-description Files with os_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ot-file-extension
ot-file-description Atari Jaguar (TOM) object code
ot-file-description An ot file extension is associated with the Atari Jaguar gaming console and its development environments. An ot file contains object code for TOM the Atari Jaguar GPU.

ota-file-extension
ota-file-description OTA bitmap
ota-file-description An ota file extension is related to the OTA bitmap format.

otb-file-extension
otb-file-description Nokia OTA bitmap
otb-file-description An otb file extension is related to the Nokia OTA bitmap image file format.

otc-file-extension
otc-file-description OpenDocument chart template
otc-file-description Files with otc file extension can be commonly found as chart templates based on OpenDocument Format. Used in several, mainly open source, productivity suites.

otd-file-extension
otd-file-description OpenIV texture data
otd-file-description An otd file extension is related to OpenIV editor for GTA IV and EFLC computer games. An otd file stores texture.

otdr-file-extension
otdr-file-description Yokogawa OTDR data
otdr-file-description An otdr file extension is related to the Yokogawa OTDR data (Optical Time Domain Reflectometer) format.

otg-file-extension
otg-file-description OpenOffice.org graphics document template
otg-file-description Files with otg file extension can be generally found as drawing templates in OpenDocument Format. Used in OpenOffice.org and other Oasis based office suites.

oth-file-extension
oth-file-description Microsoft PowerToys Explorer tool data
oth-file-description An oth file extension is associated with the Microsoft PowerToys Explorer. An oth file stores some kind of data.

otherfolder-file-extension
otherfolder-file-description Unknown file extension
otherfolder-file-description Files with otherfolder file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

oti-file-extension
oti-file-description OpenDocument image template
oti-file-description An oti file extension is related to the OpenDocument image format.

otl-file-extension
otl-file-description NoteTab template
otl-file-description An otl file extension is related to the NoteTab program. An otl file contains template.

otlb-file-extension
otlb-file-description Microsoft OLE type file for Mac
otlb-file-description Detailed description

otln-file-extension
otln-file-description Opal outline file
otln-file-description Detailed description

otm-file-extension
otm-file-description Microsoft Outlook macro
otm-file-description An otm file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook and used for its macro files.

otn-file-extension
otn-file-description OmniPage Pro training data
otn-file-description An otn file extension is related to the OmniPage Pro software and used for its training files.

oto-file-extension
oto-file-description AutoPano project
oto-file-description An oto file extension is related to the AutoPano software. An oto file contains project.

otp-file-extension
otp-file-description Origin graphic template
otp-file-description Files with otp file extension can be found and graphic templates for Origin data analysis and graphing tool.

otr-file-extension
otr-file-description IRIX complied FTR data
otr-file-description An otr file extension is related to the IRIX operating system and used for its complied FTR files.

otrkey-file-extension
otrkey-file-description OTRKEY encoded video
otrkey-file-description Files with otrkey file extension can be usually found as video files from OnlineTVRecorder video web service.

ots-file-extension
ots-file-description OpenOffice.org OpenDocument spreadsheet template
ots-file-description An ots file extension is related with OpenOffice.org OpenDocument spreadsheet template file format.

otv-file-extension
otv-file-description Rotor-Disc OTV Kit OTV calibration file
otv-file-description Files with otv extension are used for Rotor-Disc OTV Kit application. They include OTV calibration data.

otv5key-file-extension
otv5key-file-description onlineTV 5 registration data
otv5key-file-description The otv5key file extension is related to the onlineTV 5 registration data files.

otvdatafile-file-extension
otvdatafile-file-description onlineTV data
otvdatafile-file-description An otvdatafile file extension is related to the onlineTV software from concept/design.

otvlangfile-file-extension
otvlangfile-file-description onlineTV 10 language data
otvlangfile-file-description An otvlangfile file is related to the onlineTV 10 software from concept/design GmbH.

otw-file-extension
otw-file-description Origin worksheet template
otw-file-description Files with otw file extension can be mostly found as worksheet templates from Origin graphing and data analysis software.

otx-file-extension
otx-file-description theWord encrypted module file
otx-file-description Files with otx extension are used for theWord software. They include encrypted text modules with Old Testament texts.

otz-file-extension
otz-file-description OpenLP theme file
otz-file-description Files with otz extension are used by OpenLP free software. They include some pictures, fonts, text colors settings etc.

out-file-extension
out-file-description Output data
out-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe OUT file extension!

out1-file-extension
out1-file-description UltraEdit data
out1-file-description An out1 file extension is related to the UltraEdit, an editing application for Microsoft Windows.

outjob-file-extension
outjob-file-description Altium Designer data
outjob-file-description An outjob file extension is related to the Altium Designer, a PCB designing tool.

outline-file-extension
outline-file-description FontTwister letter outline
outline-file-description Files with outline file extension can be found as letter outline files from FontTwister program.

outlook97-file-extension
outlook97-file-description Microsoft Outlook custom mail
outlook97-file-description An outlook97 file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook Express and it is used for custom mail files.

ouv-file-extension
ouv-file-description Sphinx open ended responses
ouv-file-description Files with ouv file extension can be found as some sort of data files from the Sphinx survey and statistics software. Open ended responses file.

oux-file-extension
oux-file-description Bibexcel data
oux-file-description An oux file extension is related to the Bibexcel, a program for analyzing bibliographic data. An oux file contains data.

ov-file-extension
ov-file-description OpenInsight database overflow data
ov-file-description An ov file extension is related to the OpenInsight, a development environment and used for its database overflow files.

ov0-file-extension
ov0-file-description Objective Voice E-mail for Windows data
ov0-file-description An ov0 file extension is related to the Objective Voice E-mail for Windows data format.

ov1-file-extension
ov1-file-description Overlay file
ov1-file-description Files with ov1 extension were used by MS-DOS overlay files.

ov2-file-extension
ov2-file-description TomTom Navigator point of interest data
ov2-file-description An ov2 file extension is related to TomTom Navigator GPS navigation software and devices. An ov2 file stores point of interest.

ov3-file-extension
ov3-file-description Overlay file
ov3-file-description Files with ov3 extension are known as MS-DOS overlay files.

ov4-file-extension
ov4-file-description Overlay data
ov4-file-description Files with ov4 file extension can be found as old MS-DOS overlay files. Probably somewhat old and no longer used.

ov5-file-extension
ov5-file-description Overlay file
ov5-file-description Files with ov5 extension were used by MS-DOS as some overlay files.

ovb-file-extension
ovb-file-description OnkoS vocabulary backup
ovb-file-description Files with ovb file extension might be found as older vocabulary backup files from OnkoS program. Probably no longer available.

ovd-file-extension
ovd-file-description ObjectVision data
ovd-file-description An ovd file extension is related to the ObjectVision and used for its some kind of data.

ove-file-extension
ove-file-description Overture music score
ove-file-description Files with ove suffix can be mostly encountered as music notations made using Overture software.

ovg-file-extension
ovg-file-description ObjectVision converted graphic data
ovg-file-description An ovg file extension is related to the ObjectVision and used for its converted graphic files.

ovh-file-extension
ovh-file-description OMSI bus settings
ovh-file-description An ovh file extension is related to the OMSI and used for its bus settings files.

ovi-file-extension
ovi-file-description PC-9801 FM system data
ovi-file-description An ovi file extension is related to the PC-9801 FM system file format used to playback audio on computer's FM synthesis.

ovisuite-file-extension
ovisuite-file-description Nokia Ovi Suite data
ovisuite-file-description An ovisuite file extension is related to the Nokia Ovi Suite software for Microsoft Windows.

ovk-file-extension
ovk-file-description Little Busters! game data
ovk-file-description An ovk file extension is related to the Little Busters!, a video game for various platforms.

ovl-file-extension
ovl-file-description Overlay file
ovl-file-description Files with ovl suffix  could be in the past found as overlay files from old MS-DOS operating system. Old file type.

ovlx-file-extension
ovlx-file-description e-Sword overlay data
ovlx-file-description An ovlx file extension is related to the e-Sword e-learning software. An ovlx file stores overlay data.

ovm-file-extension
ovm-file-description BHV Tonstudio file
ovm-file-description Files with ovm extension are used by the BHV Tonstudio music software.

ovolog-file-extension
ovolog-file-description ooVoo log
ovolog-file-description An ovolog file extension is related to the ooVoo and used for its log files.

ovpn-file-extension
ovpn-file-description OpenVPN config file
ovpn-file-description Files with ovpn suffix might be usually found as configuration data files for OpenVPN virtual private networks management app.

ovr-file-extension
ovr-file-description The Overlay Maker data
ovr-file-description Files with ovr file extension may be found as overlay packages from The Overlay Maker.

ovs-file-extension
ovs-file-description Ovation 1 style sheet
ovs-file-description An ovs file extension is related to the Ovation 1 style sheet file format.

ovt-file-extension
ovt-file-description Orbit vector tiled
ovt-file-description An ovt file extension is related to Orbit GIS system. An ovt file stores data in Orbit native tiled vector file storage format.

ovw-file-extension
ovw-file-description Cool Edit Pro overview data
ovw-file-description An ovw file extension is related to the Cool Edit Pro (Adobe Soundbooth). An ovw file stores overview data.

ovx-file-extension
ovx-file-description Psion OVAL control data
ovx-file-description Files with ovx file extension are related to the Psion OVAL control data.

ow-file-extension
ow-file-description Free Pascal for Windows object
ow-file-description An ow file extension is related to the Free Pascal and used for its object files.

owc-file-extension
owc-file-description OutWit Hub OutWit catch db format
owc-file-description An owc file extension is related to the OutWit Hub application for collecting and organizing data from online sources.

owd-file-extension
owd-file-description OpenWire project file
owd-file-description Files with owd extension are associated with OpenWire library.

owfs-file-extension
owfs-file-description Web Feature Service data
owfs-file-description An owfs file extension is related to the Web Feature Service. An owfs file stores some kind of data for Web Feature Service.

owg-file-extension
owg-file-description OutWit Hub OutWit Gear outwit thesaurus db file
owg-file-description Files with owg extension are associated with OutWit Hub program.

owl-file-extension
owl-file-description OWL (Obfuscated Weird Language) source code
owl-file-description An owl file extension is related to the Obfuscated Weird Language programming language.

owm-file-extension
owm-file-description OutWit Hub OutWit mashup XML format
owm-file-description Detailed description

owr-file-extension
owr-file-description PeopleSoft results archive
owr-file-description An owr file extension is related to the PeopleSoft from Oracle. An owr file stores results archive.

ows-file-extension
ows-file-description Web Studio project
ows-file-description An ows file extension is related to the Web Studio, a web design software and used for its project files.

owt-file-extension
owt-file-description Ancestry.com OneWorldTree data
owt-file-description Files with owt file extension might be found as OneWorldTree data files from Ancestry.com Family Tree genealogy software.

owx-file-extension
owx-file-description OutWit Hub script
owx-file-description An owx file extension is related to the OutWit Hub and used for its script files.

ox-file-extension
ox-file-description Ox source code
ox-file-description An ox file extension is related to the Ox object-oriented Matrix programming language. An ox file stores source code.

ox2-file-extension
ox2-file-description Orangutan X2 firmware update
ox2-file-description An ox2 file extension is related to the Orangutan X2 robot controller. An ox2 file stores firmware update.

oxd-file-extension
oxd-file-description PS3 Proxy Server data
oxd-file-description An oxd file extension is related to the PS3 Proxy Server. An oxd file contains some kind of data.

oxe-file-extension
oxe-file-description Pulsar/SCOPE z.matrix file
oxe-file-description Files with oxe suffix may be occasionally found as special plug-ins for devices and programs produced by Creamware.

oxf-file-extension
oxf-file-description IBM Rational Rhapsody data
oxf-file-description Files with oxf file extension are related to IBM Rational Rhapsody software and used for one of its default file types.

oxm-file-extension
oxm-file-description Ogg compressed xm data
oxm-file-description Files with oxm file extension are used by standart xm files compressed with Vorbis ogg.

oxo-file-extension
oxo-file-description Ox object-oriented matrix programming language source code
oxo-file-description An oxo file extension is related to the Ox Professional and used for its source code files.

oxp-file-extension
oxp-file-description OmniRush eXtended package
oxp-file-description An oxp file extension is related to the OmniRush and used for its eXtended package files.

oxr-file-extension
oxr-file-description Virus Safe Web Driver data
oxr-file-description Files with oxr file extension could be, especially in past, found as Virus Safe Web Drivers.

oxs-file-extension
oxs-file-description Racer Onyx script
oxs-file-description Files with oxs file extension are related to the Racer video game. An oxs file stores script.

oxt-file-extension
oxt-file-description OpenOffice.org extension help format
oxt-file-description An oxt file extension is related to the OpenOffice.org, an office suite and used for its extension help format.

oyx-file-extension
oyx-file-description IBM Lotus Approach alternate database index
oyx-file-description An oyx file extension is related to the IBM Lotus Approach software. An oyx file contains alternate database index.

oyz-file-extension
oyz-file-description Lotus Approach alternate dBASE index
oyz-file-description Files with oyz file extension are related to the Lotus Approach, a database management system from IBM.

oz-file-extension
oz-file-description Opera Job Management compressed data
oz-file-description An oz file extension is related to the Opera Job Management software. An oz file stores compressed archive.

ozd-file-extension
ozd-file-description Win32.TrojanDownloader.Agent.OZD trojan
ozd-file-description Files with ozd file extension can be sometimes found as Win32.TrojanDownloader.Agent.OZD malware files.

ozf2-file-extension
ozf2-file-description OziExplorer map
ozf2-file-description An ozf2 file extension is related to OziExplorer, a Windows GPS mapping program and used for its map files.

ozfx3-file-extension
ozfx3-file-description OziExplorer image
ozfx3-file-description Files with ozfx3 extension are related to OziExplorer program for GPS mapping software.

ozj-file-extension
ozj-file-description Mu Online graphic data
ozj-file-description An ozj file extension is related to the Mu Online and used for its graphics files.

ozp-file-extension
ozp-file-description Sharp Organizer telephone bank data
ozp-file-description An ozp file extension is related to the electronic organizers developed by Sharp. An ozp file contains telephone bank.

ozt-file-extension
ozt-file-description Mu Online texture file
ozt-file-description Files with ozt extension are associated with MU Online computer game.

pages-file-extension
pages-file-description Pages document

pak-file-extension
pak-file-description Game resource package

part-file-extension
part-file-description Partial download

part1.exe-file-extension
part1.exe-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed self-extracting  file archive (part 1)
part1.exe-file-description A part1.exe file extension is related to first part of Split Multi-volume RAR compressed self-extracting file archive.

part1.rar-file-extension
part1.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 1)
part1.rar-file-description A part1.rar file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 1) files.

part2.rar-file-extension
part2.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 2)
part2.rar-file-description A part2.rar file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool for Microsoft Windows. A part2.rar file stores second part of split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

partial-file-extension
partial-file-description Microsoft partially downloaded data
partial-file-description Files with partial extension is related to Microsoft Internet Explorer from version 9 and Microsoft Edge and used for incomplete downloads initiated through the browser.

pcd-file-extension
pcd-file-description Kodak Picture CD multiresolution image

pcm-file-extension
pcm-file-description PCM audio data file

pcx-file-extension
pcx-file-description Paintbrush bitmap image
pcx-file-description Files with pcx file extension can be commonly found as bitmap pictures saved in old Paintbrush program. Can be opened in most modern graphic editors.

pdf-file-extension
pdf-file-description Adobe Portable document format

pfx-file-extension
pfx-file-description Certificate

php-file-extension
php-file-description PHP script or page

pic-file-extension
pic-file-description Picture image
pic-file-description Files with pic extension can generally be found as pictures. Many format, most of them old and obsolete. A lot of them are still viewable using XnView.

pkg-file-extension
pkg-file-description Archive or installation package

pkpass-file-extension
pkpass-file-description Apple Wallet pass data
pkpass-file-description Files with pkpass extension are electronic versions of tickets for Apple Wallet/Passbook platform for iOS (iPhone, iPad) devices. Used as a digital pass for movie tickets, loyalty cards, boarding passes etc.

plist-file-extension
plist-file-description Apple property XML list

pls-file-extension
pls-file-description Media playlist

plugin-file-extension
plugin-file-description Plugin
plugin-file-description A plugin file extension is generally related to software plugins, a small utilities, scripts or other additions that enhance existing or add new features to a program or software packages.

pmd-file-extension
pmd-file-description Adobe PageMaker document

png-file-extension
png-file-description Portable Network Graphic file

pot-file-extension
pot-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint 97 to 2003 template

potx-file-extension
potx-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint Open XML presentation template
potx-file-description A potx file extension is associated with templates for presentations created in latest versions of Microsoft PowerPoint.

pps-file-extension
pps-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint 97 to 2003 complete slide show

ppsx-file-extension
ppsx-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint Open XML complete slide show
ppsx-file-description Files with ppsx extension are used for presentation slide shows created in the popular presentations maker Microsoft PowerPoint. PPSX format is used for complete slideshows that also may include audio or video effects.

ppt-file-extension
ppt-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint 97 to 2003 presentation

pptm-file-extension
pptm-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint macro-enabled Open XML presentation
pptm-file-description Files with pptm extension are related to Microsoft PowerPoint presentation software distributed as a part of Microsoft Office suite. A pptm file stores presentation with enabled macros.

pptx-file-extension
pptx-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint Open XML presentation
pptx-file-description A pptx file extension is used for the default presentation format of latest editions of PowerPoint from Microsoft Office. PowerPoint slide shows are basically set of screens which can include text, graphic, sounds or videos used for various presentation purposes.

prj-file-extension
prj-file-description Project

prn-file-extension
prn-file-description HP PCL printer output

pro-file-extension
pro-file-description Profile file

prproj-file-extension
prproj-file-description Adobe Premiere Pro project
prproj-file-description Files with proproj file extension are projects created and saved using the Adobe Premiere Pro software. Contains saved work in progress.

ps-file-extension
ps-file-description Adobe PostScript document

psb-file-extension
psb-file-description Adobe Photoshop Large Document Format

psd-file-extension
psd-file-description Adobe Photoshop graphics

psdx-file-extension
psdx-file-description Adobe Photoshop Touch graphics
psdx-file-description Files with psdx file extension can be found as graphics saved using the Adobe Photoshop Touch software.

pst-file-extension
pst-file-description Microsoft Outlook personal storage table

pub-file-extension
pub-file-description Microsoft Publisher document

pvm-file-extension
pvm-file-description Parallels Desktop virtual machine

pwi-file-extension
pwi-file-description Microsoft Office Mobile personal note

p-file-extension
p-file-description Python module
p-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe P file extension!

p0-file-extension
p0-file-description WOW! data
p0-file-description Files with p0 file extension are related to the WOW! data format.

p00-file-extension
p00-file-description C64 emulator data
p00-file-description Files with p00 file extension can be found as part of some C64 emulators.

p000-file-extension
p000-file-description Dragon's Prophet game data
p000-file-description Files with p000 file extension can be found as game data resource packs for Dragon's Prophet MMORPG.

p01-file-extension
p01-file-description GEAR image
p01-file-description A p01 file extension is related to the disk image format developed by GEAR Software.

p02-file-extension
p02-file-description PAR recovery volume
p02-file-description A p02 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p03-file-extension
p03-file-description PAR recovery volume
p03-file-description A p03 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p04-file-extension
p04-file-description PAR recovery volume
p04-file-description A p04 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p05-file-extension
p05-file-description PAR recovery volume
p05-file-description A p05 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p06-file-extension
p06-file-description Parity Archive Volume Set
p06-file-description A p06 file extension is related to the Parity Archive Volume Set.

p07-file-extension
p07-file-description PAR recovery volume
p07-file-description The p07 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p08-file-extension
p08-file-description PAR recovery volume data
p08-file-description A p08 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p09-file-extension
p09-file-description PAR recovery volume
p09-file-description A p09 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p0c-file-extension
p0c-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data package
p0c-file-description A p0c file extension is associated with the HERE Maps for Android map data packages.

p10-file-extension
p10-file-description S/MIME Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail data
p10-file-description A p10 file extension is related to the S/MIME Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail files.

p11-file-extension
p11-file-description PAR recovery volume
p11-file-description A p11 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p12-file-extension
p12-file-description PFX file (Personal Information Exchange)
p12-file-description A p12 file extension is related to the PFX (Personal Information Exchange) format.

p12d-file-extension
p12d-file-description DigiDoc PKCS#12 certificate
p12d-file-description A p12d file extension is related to the DigiDoc, a digital signature and cryptographic computing file format. A p12 file stores PKCS#12 certificate.

p13-file-extension
p13-file-description QuickPar recovery volume
p13-file-description A p13 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p14-file-extension
p14-file-description PAR recovery volume
p14-file-description A p14 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p15-file-extension
p15-file-description PAR recovery volume
p15-file-description A p15 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p16-file-extension
p16-file-description ProTracker Studio audio
p16-file-description A p16 file extension is related to the ProTracker Studio and used for its audio files.

p17-file-extension
p17-file-description PAR recovery volume
p17-file-description A p17 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p18-file-extension
p18-file-description QuickPar recovery volume
p18-file-description A p18 file extension is related to the QuickPar a software for data verification.

p19-file-extension
p19-file-description PAR recovery volume
p19-file-description A p19 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p1d-file-extension
p1d-file-description PLUS+1 data
p1d-file-description A p1d file extension is related to the PLUS+1 program and used for its data files.

p1i-file-extension
p1i-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser file
p1i-file-description Detailed description

p2-file-extension
p2-file-description Panasonic P2 video
p2-file-description Files with p2 file extension are mainly related to recorded videos using Panasonic digital cameras with P2 memory cards.

p20-file-extension
p20-file-description PAR recovery volume
p20-file-description The p20 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p21-file-extension
p21-file-description PAR recovery volume
p21-file-description A p21 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p22-file-extension
p22-file-description PAR recovery volume
p22-file-description A p22 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p23-file-extension
p23-file-description PAR recovery volume
p23-file-description A p23 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p24-file-extension
p24-file-description PAR recovery volume
p24-file-description A p24 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume files created by QuickPar developed by Peter B. Clements.

p25-file-extension
p25-file-description PAR recovery volume
p25-file-description A p25 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p26-file-extension
p26-file-description PAR recovery volume
p26-file-description A p26 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p27-file-extension
p27-file-description PAR recovery volume
p27-file-description A p27 file extension is associated with the QuickPar software for Windows.

p28-file-extension
p28-file-description PAR recovery volume
p28-file-description A p28 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p29-file-extension
p29-file-description PAR recovery volume
p29-file-description A p29 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p2a-file-extension
p2a-file-description IBM Voice Type languages vocables
p2a-file-description Files with p2a file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type software. Stored vocables files.

p2bp-file-extension
p2bp-file-description FlippingBook Publisher book project
p2bp-file-description Files with p2bp file extension can mainly be found as e-book projects made in FlippingBook Publisher program.

p2bt-file-extension
p2bt-file-description XWE data
p2bt-file-description A p2bt file extension is related to the XWE software for Microsoft Windows.

p2c-file-extension
p2c-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser file
p2c-file-description A p2c file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages newuser files.

p2d-file-extension
p2d-file-description PointLineCAD 2D drawing
p2d-file-description Files with p2d extension can be found as 2D CAD drawings prepared and saved using PointLineCAD software.

p2f-file-extension
p2f-file-description Wamit data
p2f-file-description Files with p2f file extension can be found as one of the data file from Wamit analysis software.

p2g-file-extension
p2g-file-description CyberLink Power2Go project
p2g-file-description A p2g file extension is related to the CyberLink Power2Go and used for its project files.

p2i-file-extension
p2i-file-description Power2Go disk image
p2i-file-description Files with p2i file extension can be found as backups of optical media made using the CyberLink Power2Go backup and burning tool.

p2kc-file-extension
p2kc-file-description P2KTools Mod file
p2kc-file-description Detailed description

p2m-file-extension
p2m-file-description PhotoWorks appearance
p2m-file-description Files with p2m file extension can be found as graphics files from PhotoWorks add-in for Solidworks.

p2p-file-extension
p2p-file-description Microsoft FolderShare data
p2p-file-description A p2p file extension is related to the Microsoft FolderShare service used for data sharing.

p2s-file-extension
p2s-file-description Pay2See document file
p2s-file-description Files with p2s extension are used by the Pay2See plug-in.

p2v-file-extension
p2v-file-description PLAN2VIZ backup design plan
p2v-file-description A p2v file extension is related to the German program called PLAN2VIZ. A p2v file contains backup design.

p2z-file-extension
p2z-file-description Poser compressed pose
p2z-file-description A p2z file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D figure animation software. A p2z file stores compressed pose data.

p3-file-extension
p3-file-description Oracle Primavera Project Planner data
p3-file-description A p3 file extension is related to Oracle Primavera Project Planner project management software. Old program and no longer used file format.

p30-file-extension
p30-file-description PAR recovery volume
p30-file-description A p30 file extension is related to the PAR recovery volume format used by QuickPar software.

p31-file-extension
p31-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data package
p31-file-description A p31 file extension is related to the HERE Maps for Android map data package.

p32-file-extension
p32-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data package
p32-file-description A p32 file extension is related to the HERE Maps for Android map data package.

p33-file-extension
p33-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data package
p33-file-description A p33 file extension is related to the HERE Maps for Android map data package.

p34-file-extension
p34-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data package
p34-file-description A p34 file extension is associated with the HERE Maps for Android map data packages.

p35-file-extension
p35-file-description HERE Maps for Android map data package
p35-file-description Files with p35 file extension are related to the HERE Maps for Android map data package format.

p3c-file-extension
p3c-file-description IBM Voice Type languages newuser data
p3c-file-description A p3c file extension is associated with the IBM Voice Type languages newuser data format.

p3d-file-extension
p3d-file-description Operation Flashpoint game model
p3d-file-description Files with p3d file extension can be mainly found as game models from Operation Flashpoint computer game by Bohemia Interactive.

p3e-file-extension
p3e-file-description PC-Doctor data
p3e-file-description Files with p3e file extension might be found in some programs from PC-Doctor family of products.

p3i-file-extension
p3i-file-description Pixie data
p3i-file-description A p3i file extension is related to the Pixie an e-learning software.

p3l-file-extension
p3l-file-description Adobe Photoshop light preset
p3l-file-description A p3l file extension is Associated with the Adobe Photoshop software. A p3l file contains light preset.

p3m-file-extension
p3m-file-description Adobe Photoshop material preset
p3m-file-description A p3m file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop software. A p3m file contains material preset.

p3p-file-extension
p3p-file-description W3C Platform for Privacy Preferences data
p3p-file-description A p3p file extension is related to the W3C Platform for Privacy Preferences files.

p3r-file-extension
p3r-file-description Adobe Photoshop render settings preset
p3r-file-description A p3r file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop, a picture image editing program. A p3r file stores render settings preset.

p3t-file-extension
p3t-file-description Sony Playstation 3 theme
p3t-file-description A p3t file extension is related to Sony Playstation 3 video gaming console. A .p3t file stores theme for Playstation 3 GUI.

p3x-file-extension
p3x-file-description HTML document
p3x-file-description A p3x file extension is related to the text document formatted by the html tags.

p4-file-extension
p4-file-description Perforce P4 data
p4-file-description Files with p4 file suffix are associated with the Perforce P4 (Perforce Command-Line Client).

p41-file-extension
p41-file-description TRS-80 picture image
p41-file-description Files with p41 file extension are associated with the TRS-80 picture image format.

p4a-file-extension
p4a-file-description Python for Android script
p4a-file-description Files with p4a file suffix are associated with the Python programming language optimized for Android system.

p4f-file-extension
p4f-file-description MU Online [P4F] Launcher System data
p4f-file-description A p4f file extension is related to the MU Online [P4F] Launcher System and used for its data files.

p4i-file-extension
p4i-file-description Commodore 16 picture image
p4i-file-description Files with p4i file extension are commonly used by Commodore 16 picture image file format.

p4s-file-extension
p4s-file-description SubEdit Player data
p4s-file-description A p4s file extension is related to the SubEdit Player for Windows.

p5-file-extension
p5-file-description Perl script language source code
p5-file-description Files with p5 file extension are related to the Perl script language source codes.

p50-file-extension
p50-file-description The Player module
p50-file-description Files with p50 extension are modules for The Player program for Amiga computers.

p5d-file-extension
p5d-file-description DynaCAD parts document
p5d-file-description Files with p5d extension are associated with the DynaCAD modeling tool. A p5d file stores parts document from version 5.

p5p-file-extension
p5p-file-description Oracle Solaris Image Packaging System
p5p-file-description A p5p file extension is related to the Oracle Solaris Image Packaging System.

p5tkjw-file-extension
p5tkjw-file-description Xorist Ransomware affected data
p5tkjw-file-description Files with p5tkjw file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed files affected by a variant of Xorist ransomware.

p5x-file-extension
p5x-file-description Microsoft Windows system data
p5x-file-description Files with p5x file extension are used for Microsoft Windows and associated with pcdrsystemboard.p5x file. It works a system file to make applications easier and faster.

p6-file-extension
p6-file-description Perl script language source code
p6-file-description A p6 file extension is related to the Perl script language source code files.

p64-file-extension
p64-file-description Picasso 64 image format
p64-file-description A p64 file extension is related to the Picasso 64 picture image format. Probably obsolete.

p65-file-extension
p65-file-description Adobe PageMaker 6.5 document
p65-file-description Files with file extension can be found as old documents made using  Adobe PageMaker desktop publishing software version 6.5.

p6d-file-extension
p6d-file-description DynaCAD parts document
p6d-file-description Files with p6d file extension are associated with the DynaCAD parts document format used by version 6.

p7-file-extension
p7-file-description XV Visual Schnauzer bitmap format
p7-file-description A p7 file extension is related to XV Visual Schnauzer bitmap format. A p7 file contains bitmap picture.

p7a-file-extension
p7a-file-description PKCS #7 signature
p7a-file-description A p7a file extension is associated with the PKCS #7 signature data.

p7b-file-extension
p7b-file-description PKCS #7 Certificates file
p7b-file-description Files with p7b extension are used by the internet traffic communication as a security file.

p7c-file-extension
p7c-file-description Digital ID
p7c-file-description A p7c file extension is related to files that stores Digital IDs.

p7e-file-extension
p7e-file-description SecureSoft encrypted data
p7e-file-description Files with p7e extension are related to File Encryptor and File Decryptor applications developed by SC Secure Soft. A p7e file stores encrypted data.

p7f-file-extension
p7f-file-description digiSeal data
p7f-file-description A p7f file extension is related to the digiSeal a secure software.

p7m-file-extension
p7m-file-description S/MIME digital signature
p7m-file-description Files with p7m file extension is related to Secure/Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions format which is used for digital signature.

p7r-file-extension
p7r-file-description Response to a security certificate request
p7r-file-description A p7r file extension is related to response to a security certificate request file used by various apps for security reasons.

p7s-file-extension
p7s-file-description PKCS #7 signature
p7s-file-description Files with p7s extension can be typically found as certificates in PKCS #7 Signature file format which is used to provide a consistent way to send and receive secure MIME data.

p7x-file-extension
p7x-file-description Application digital certificate
p7x-file-description A p7x file extension is related to the application digital certificate file format used by Microsoft Visual Studio.

p7z-file-extension
p7z-file-description S/MIME compressed e-mail message
p7z-file-description Files with p7z file extension can be found as compressed S/MIME messages. Used by some email clients.

p8-file-extension
p8-file-description PICO-8 data
p8-file-description Files with p8 file extension are related to the PICO-8 and used for its data.

p83-file-extension
p83-file-description GAEB DA 2000 data
p83-file-description A p83 file extension is related to the GAEB DA 2000 data exchange file format.

p951-file-extension
p951-file-description Nero Multimedia Suite data
p951-file-description A p951 file extension is associated with the Nero Multimedia Suite software.

p96-file-extension
p96-file-description Win96 database
p96-file-description A p96 file extension is related to the Win96 database format.

p97-file-extension
p97-file-description Win97 database
p97-file-description A p97 file extension is related to the Win97 and used for its database files.

p9d-file-extension
p9d-file-description Plane9 configuration
p9d-file-description Files with p9d file extension are related to the Plane9. They store configuration.

p9s-file-extension
p9s-file-description Plane9 scene
p9s-file-description A p9s file extension is related to the Plane9 software for Microsoft Windows. A p9s file stores scene.

pa-file-extension
pa-file-description Print Artist project
pa-file-description Files with pa extension can be typically encountered as projects from Print Artist by Nova Development.

pa2m-file-extension
pa2m-file-description SAM alignment file
pa2m-file-description Detailed description

pa3-file-extension
pa3-file-description Turbo Pascal for DOS data
pa3-file-description A pa3 file extension is related to the Turbo Pascal programming environment for MS-DOS.

pa4-file-extension
pa4-file-description Turbo Pascal for DOS data
pa4-file-description A pa4 file extension is related to the Turbo Pascal development tool. A pa4 file contains data.

pa5-file-extension
pa5-file-description Turbo Pascal for DOS data
pa5-file-description A pa5 file extension is related to the Turbo Pascal development tool. A pa5 file contains data.

paa-file-extension
paa-file-description PAF Personal Ancestral File data
paa-file-description A paa file extension is related to the PAF Personal Ancestral File and used for its data files.

paal-file-extension
paal-file-description pyro Audio Creator audio layout file
paal-file-description Files with paal extension are used by the pyro Aduio Creator program. They include some audio data.

pab-file-extension
pab-file-description Microsoft Outlook Personal Address Book
pab-file-description Files with pab file extension can be typically found as older address book data files for Microsoft Outlook version 2003 and earlier. These files contains contacts and other related personal information data.

pac-file-extension
pac-file-description Atari STAD image format
pac-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe PAC file extension!

pack-file-extension
pack-file-description GLSL pack
pack-file-description A pack file is associated with the GLSL OpenGL Shading Language.

pack.gz-file-extension
pack.gz-file-description Pack200 compressed archive
pack.gz-file-description A pack.gz file extension is related to the Oracle Pack200 software and used for its compressed archives.

package-file-extension
package-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio SharePoint package
package-file-description A package file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development environment. A package file stores SharePoint package for Visual Studio.

packmeta-file-extension
packmeta-file-description Quantum Break metadata
packmeta-file-description A packmeta file extension is associated with the Quantum Break video game. A packmeta file contains metadata.

pact-file-extension
pact-file-description Compact Pro (Compactor) archive
pact-file-description Files with pact file extension are related to the Compact Pro (Compactor) archive format.

pad-file-extension
pad-file-description Top Secret Crypto Gold True One Time Pad data
pad-file-description A pad file extension is related to the Top Secret Crypto Gold and used for its data files.

padcrypt-file-extension
padcrypt-file-description PadCrypt ransomware affected data
padcrypt-file-description Files with padcrypt file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by the PadCrypt ransomware.

padl-file-extension
padl-file-description pyro Audio Creator data disk layout
padl-file-description A padl file extension is related to the pyro Audio Creator data disk layout format.

pae-file-extension
pae-file-description PowerArchiver encrypted archive
pae-file-description A pae file extension is related to the PowerArchiver and used for its encrypted archive files.

paf-file-extension
paf-file-description Personal Ancestral File
paf-file-description Files with paf file extension can be found as genealogy files from Personal Ancestral File. Used to store genealogy data.

paf.exe-file-extension
paf.exe-file-description PortableApps.com program
paf.exe-file-description A paf.exe file extension is related to the PortableApps.com software. A paf.exe file is used to store program.

paf2-file-extension
paf2-file-description Code Composer Studio compiled data
paf2-file-description Files with paf2 file extension can be found as files generated by In Code Composer Studio project manager.

pafx-file-extension
pafx-file-description YouMinds Composer portable archive
pafx-file-description A pafx file extension is associated with the YouMinds Composer, a presentation program. A pafx file stores portable archive.

pafz-file-extension
pafz-file-description YouMinds Composer portable archive
pafz-file-description A pafz file extension is associated with the YouMinds Composer, a presentation program. A pafz file stores portable archive.

pag-file-extension
pag-file-description Visual Basic property PAGe data
pag-file-description A pag file extension is related to the Visual Basic a development environment used to create programs for Windows. A pag file stores property PAGe data.

page-file-extension
page-file-description HybridJava web page file
page-file-description Files with page extension are used by the HybridJava programming language. They include some web pages.

page.security-file-extension
page.security-file-description Portal Structure Markup Language global page security
page.security-file-description A page.security file extension is related to the Portal Structure Markup Language global page security files.

pages-tef-file-extension
pages-tef-file-description Apple Pages iCloud document
pages-tef-file-description A pages-tef file extension is related to the Apple Pages, a word processor for OS X (macOS) and iOS operating systems. A pages-tef file stores Pages document on iCloud.

pai-file-extension
pai-file-description MAGIX Photo Clinic picture image
pai-file-description A pai file extension is related to the MAGIX Photo Clinic, a photo editing tool for Windows.

paint-file-extension
paint-file-description Apple Macintosh MacPaint bitmap
paint-file-description A paint file extension is related to the Apple MacPaint a bitmap image editing tool for Macintosh computers. A paint file stores bitmap image.

paj-file-extension
paj-file-description CEWE PHOTOBOOK PRO data
paj-file-description A paj file extension is related to CEWE PHOTOBOOK PRO software.

pal-file-extension
pal-file-description Color palette
pal-file-description A pal file extension is related to the color palette files used by various applications and computer games.

palm-file-extension
palm-file-description Palm Pixmap data
palm-file-description Files with palm file extension can be found as some sort of graphics files from older Palm devices. Palm Pixmap format.

paltalk-file-extension
paltalk-file-description Paltalk data
paltalk-file-description Files with paltlalk file extension are related to the Paltalk video chat software.

pam-file-extension
pam-file-description Portable arbitrary map file
pam-file-description Files with pam file extension may be found, especially on Unix/Linux platform, as raster graphics files in a portable arbitrary map format.

pamp-file-extension
pamp-file-description PowerAMP album art
pamp-file-description A pamp file extension is used for files that store CD cover thumbnails for PowerAMP music player.

pan-file-extension
pan-file-description CorelDRAW printer specific settings
pan-file-description Files with pan file extension are related to the CorelDRAW, a vector editing program. A pan file stores printer specific settings.

pando-file-extension
pando-file-description Pando package
pando-file-description A pando file extension is related to the Pando software. A pando file contains package.

pandora-file-extension
pandora-file-description Pandora private multimedia data
pandora-file-description A pandora file extension is related to the Pandora internet radio app for Google Android.

panic-file-extension
panic-file-description Apple Mac OS X Console panic report
panic-file-description A panic file extension is related to the Mac OS X console. A panic file stores panic report.

panl-file-extension
panl-file-description CodeWarrior preference panel
panl-file-description A panl file extension is associated with the CodeWarrior and used for its preference panel.

pano-file-extension
pano-file-description Windows Panorama data
pano-file-description Files with pano extension are in most cases panorama photographs made using the Camera and Photos app for Microsoft Windows 8 or later.

pao-file-extension
pao-file-description Xilinx source list
pao-file-description A pao file extension is related to the Xilinx Integrated Software Environment. A pao file stores source list.

pap-file-extension
pap-file-description Tree Professional Palm Creator image
pap-file-description A pap file extension is related to the Tree Professional Palm Creator. A pap file stores image.

papa-file-extension
papa-file-description Papa games backup file
papa-file-description Files with papa file extension can be found as backups from Papa game series by Flipline Studios.

paper-file-extension
paper-file-description Dropbox Paper document
paper-file-description Files with paper extension can be commonly found as documents from Dropbox Paper software.

paperlibrary-file-extension
paperlibrary-file-description Corel Painter paper library
paperlibrary-file-description Files with paperlibrary file extension are commonly used by Corel Painter, raster graphics editor for Mac and Windows. A paperlibrary file contains paper library.

papers-file-extension
papers-file-description Corel Painter paper texture file
papers-file-description Files with papers extension are used for Corel Painter software. They include papers textures files.

paq-file-extension
paq-file-description Hewlett-Packard system backup ZIP data
paq-file-description A paq file extension is related to computers developed by Hewlett-Packard. A paq file contains system backup.

paq6-file-extension
paq6-file-description PAQ6 data archive
paq6-file-description A paq6 file extension is related to the PAQ6 data archive file format.

paq7-file-extension
paq7-file-description PAQ7 data archive
paq7-file-description A paq7 file extension is related to the PAQ archiver and used for its data files.

paq8-file-extension
paq8-file-description PAQ8 data archive
paq8-file-description A paq8 file extension is associated with the PAQ8 data archive format.

paq8f-file-extension
paq8f-file-description PAQ data archive
paq8f-file-description A paq8f file extension is related to older archive format utilizing PAQ compression format.

paq8jd-file-extension
paq8jd-file-description PAQ data archive file
paq8jd-file-description Detailed description

paq8l-file-extension
paq8l-file-description PAQ data archive file
paq8l-file-description Detailed description

paq8o-file-extension
paq8o-file-description PAQ data archive
paq8o-file-description A paq8o file extension is related to the PeaZip, a data compression program. A paq8o file stores PAQ data archive.

par-file-extension
par-file-description Solid Edge CAD part
par-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe PAR file extension!

par2-file-extension
par2-file-description PAR2 recovery volume
par2-file-description A par2 file extension is related to the QuickPar and used for its data recovery volumes.

par3-file-extension
par3-file-description PAR3 recovery volume
par3-file-description A par3 file extension is related to the PAR3 recovery volume file format used by Parchive: Parity Archive Volume Set.

param-file-extension
param-file-description CASTEP script
param-file-description A param file extension is related to the CASTEP software. A param file contains script.

parm-file-extension
parm-file-description SAS Scalable Performance Data Server LIBNAME data
parm-file-description Files with parm file extension might be found as part of SAS Scalable Performance Data Server and used for some sort of settings file.

part00000-file-extension
part00000-file-description Ashampoo WinOptimizer split archive (part 1)
part00000-file-description A part00000 file extension is related to the Ashampoo WinOptimizer. A part00000 file contains first part of split archive.

part1-file-extension
part1-file-description NetObjects Fusion system data
part1-file-description A part1 file extension is related to NetObjects Fusion a web designing suite. A part1 file stores various data used for internal purposes of the Fusion.

part10.rar-file-extension
part10.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 10)
part10.rar-file-description A part10.rar file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 10) files.

part11.rar-file-extension
part11.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 11)
part11.rar-file-description A part11.rar file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool for Microsoft Windows. A part11.rar file stores second part of split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

part2-file-extension
part2-file-description NetObjects Fusion system data
part2-file-description Files with part2 file extension might be found as part of NetObjects Fusion web design software.

part3-file-extension
part3-file-description NetObjects Fusion system data
part3-file-description Files with part3 file extension might be found as part of NetObjects Fusion web design software.

part3.rar-file-extension
part3.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 3)
part3.rar-file-description A part3.rar file extension is related to the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 3).

part4-file-extension
part4-file-description NetObjects Fusion system data
part4-file-description Files with part4 file extension might be found as part of NetObjects Fusion web design software.

part4.rar-file-extension
part4.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 4)
part4.rar-file-description A part4.rar file extension is related to the fourth part of the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

part5-file-extension
part5-file-description NetObjects Fusion system data
part5-file-description Files with part5 file extension might be found as part of NetObjects Fusion web design software.

part5.rar-file-extension
part5.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 5)
part5.rar-file-description A part5.rar file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool for Microsoft Windows. A part5.rar file stores second part of split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

part6.rar-file-extension
part6.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 6)
part6.rar-file-description A part6.rar file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool for Microsoft Windows. A part6.rar file stores second part of split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

part7.rar-file-extension
part7.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 7)
part7.rar-file-description A part7.rar file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool for Microsoft Windows. A part7.rar file stores second part of split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

part8.rar-file-extension
part8.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 8)
part8.rar-file-description A part8.rar file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool for Microsoft Windows. A part8.rar file stores second part of split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

part9.rar-file-extension
part9.rar-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 9)
part9.rar-file-description A part9.rar file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool for Microsoft Windows. A part9.rar file stores second part of split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

partimg-file-extension
partimg-file-description Partimage disk image file
partimg-file-description Detailed description

partimg.bz2-file-extension
partimg.bz2-file-description Partimage disk image file
partimg.bz2-file-description Detailed description

partimg.gz-file-extension
partimg.gz-file-description Partimage disk image file
partimg.gz-file-description Files with partimg.gz extension are associated with Partimage. We can find these files very often in Linux system files.

partitions-file-extension
partitions-file-description Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services partitions
partitions-file-description A .partitions file extension is related to the Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services.

pas-file-extension
pas-file-description Delphi unit source code
pas-file-description Files with pas file extension can mainly be found as source code in Pascal programming language or its derivates like Delphi.

pass-file-extension
pass-file-description Xcode wallet data
pass-file-description Files with pass file suffix are related to uncompressed variant of tickets for Apple Wallet/Passbook platform for iOS (iPhone, iPad) devices.

passbook-file-extension
passbook-file-description Passbook ticket
passbook-file-description Files with passbook extension might have been in the past encountered as some kind of tickets generated by long discontinued apps. Nowadays passbook is mostly associated with Apple Passbook, now know as Wallet.

passwordwallet4-file-extension
passwordwallet4-file-description PasswordWallet encrypted data file
passwordwallet4-file-description Files with passwordwallet4 extension is used for PasswordWallet program. They contain encrypted personal data.

pat-file-extension
pat-file-description AutoCAD hatch pattern
pat-file-description There are 25 other file types  usingthe PAT file extension!

pat0-file-extension
pat0-file-description Nintendo Wii texture pattern
pat0-file-description A pat0 file extension is related to the Nintendo Wii texture pattern file format.

patch-file-extension
patch-file-description Patch
patch-file-description Files with patch extension are generally data files that contain fixes or patches for a program or software.

patchcache-file-extension
patchcache-file-description Microsoft Windows patch cache
patchcache-file-description A patchcache file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows patch cache files.

patches-file-extension
patches-file-description UEStudio data
patches-file-description Files with patches file extension are associated with the UEStduio software.

patch_0-file-extension
patch_0-file-description Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide bundle patch
patch_0-file-description Files with patch_0 file extension are associated with the Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide bundle patch format.

path-file-extension
path-file-description DROPS simulator survey data
path-file-description A path file extension is related to the DROPS simulator survey file format. A path file stores information about directions.

pattern-file-extension
pattern-file-description PhotoLine default pattern
pattern-file-description A pattern file extension is related to the PhotoLine image editor. A pattern file contains pattern.

patterns-file-extension
patterns-file-description Corel Painter pattern library
patterns-file-description Files with patterns file extension are commonly used by Corel Painter, picture image editing tool for Windows and Mac.

paux-file-extension
paux-file-description PlasTeX file
paux-file-description Files with PAUX extension can be found as files generated by PlasTex LaTex document processing framework.

pav-file-extension
pav-file-description MediaMatrix Peavey architectural view data
pav-file-description A pav file extension is related to the MediaMetrix, a distribution audio system.

paw-file-extension
paw-file-description pawaaFILE file format
paw-file-description Files with paw file suffix are related to the pawaaFILE file format.

pawn-file-extension
pawn-file-description Pawn scripting language source code
pawn-file-description A pawn file extension is related to the Pawn scripting language source codes.

pax-file-extension
pax-file-description PAX archive
pax-file-description A pax file extension is related to PAX archiving utility. A pax file stores archive.

pay-file-extension
pay-file-description PriorityRate data
pay-file-description A pay file extension is related to the PriorityRate software from Priority Data.

payload-file-extension
payload-file-description Microsoft Windows Mobile data
payload-file-description Files with payload extension are mainly related to the Microsoft Windows Mobile operating system. A payload file contains some kind of data.

paym-file-extension
paym-file-description Jigsaw Ransomware affected data
paym-file-description Files with paym file extension can be mostly found as files affected and encrypted by latest versions of Jigsaw ransomware.

paymrss-file-extension
paymrss-file-description Jigsaw Ransomware affected file
paymrss-file-description Files with paymrss suffix can be encountered as encrypted files affected by Jigsaw ransomeware.

payms-file-extension
payms-file-description Jigsaw Ransomware affected file
payms-file-description Files with payms suffix can be encountered as encrypted files affected by Jigsaw ransomeware.

paymst-file-extension
paymst-file-description Jigsaw Ransomware affected file
paymst-file-description Files with paymst suffix can be usually found as encrypted archives affected by some of the later versions of Jigsaw ransomeware.

paymts-file-extension
paymts-file-description Jigsaw Ransomware affected file
paymts-file-description Files with paymts suffix can be most recently found as files encrypted and affected by one of the variants of Jigsaw ransomware.

payrms-file-extension
payrms-file-description Jigsaw Ransomware affected file
payrms-file-description Files with payrms suffix can be lately found as encrypted files affected by one of the variants of Jigsaw ransomware.

pays-file-extension
pays-file-description Jigsaw Ransomware affected data
pays-file-description Files with pays file extension can be lately found as encrypted files affected by one of the variants of Jigsaw ransomware.

paz-file-extension
paz-file-description Project A.R.S.E brain data
paz-file-description A paz file extension is associated with the Project A.R.S.E and used for its brain data.

pb-file-extension
pb-file-description PowerBASIC configuration data
pb-file-description Files with pb file extension can be often found as special configuration files for PowerBASIC integrated development tool for Windows.

pb1-file-extension
pb1-file-description Broderbund 3D Home Architect data
pb1-file-description Files with pb1 file extension might be found as part of old 3D Home Architect program by Broderbund.

pb2-file-extension
pb2-file-description OrindaBuild configuration data
pb2-file-description A pb2 file extension is related to the OrindaBuild program. A pb2 file contains configuration data.

pba-file-extension
pba-file-description PowerBASIC language source code
pba-file-description An pba file extension is related to the PowerBASIC software. An pba file stores source code.

pbb-file-extension
pbb-file-description Mobile phonebook data
pbb-file-description Files with pbb extension can be mostly found as older backup of phonebook exported from the mobile phones.

pbc-file-extension
pbc-file-description Parrot compiled byte code
pbc-file-description A pbc file extension is related to the Parrot compiled byte code files. A pbc file stores compiled byte code.

pbd-file-extension
pbd-file-description PowerBuilder dynamic link library
pbd-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe PBD file extension!

pbe-file-extension
pbe-file-description Proton Plus compiler data
pbe-file-description Files with pbe extension can be found as one of the compiled data files made in Proton Plus Compiler.

pbf-file-extension
pbf-file-description PowerBackup backup archive
pbf-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe PBF file extension!

pbg-file-extension
pbg-file-description Adobe Pixel Bender kernel source code
pbg-file-description A pbg file extension is related Adobe Pixel Bender and used for its kernel source code data.

pbh-file-extension
pbh-file-description PowerBasic help data
pbh-file-description A pbh file extension is related to the PowerBasic development tool. A pbh file contains help data.

pbi-file-extension
pbi-file-description PowerBASIC include file
pbi-file-description Files with pbi extension are associated with PowerBASIC application.

pbit-file-extension
pbit-file-description Microsoft Power BI desktop template
pbit-file-description A pbit file extension is related to the Power BI, a business software from Microsoft. A pbit file stores desktop template.

pbiviz-file-extension
pbiviz-file-description Microsoft Power BI visual data
pbiviz-file-description A pbiviz file extension is related to the Microsoft Power BI, a business solution. A pbiviz file stores visual data.

pbix-file-extension
pbix-file-description Microsoft Power BI report
pbix-file-description Files with pbix extension are commonly used for Microsoft Power BI, a business analysis service. A pbix file stores report created with Microsoft Power BI.

pbj-file-extension
pbj-file-description Pixel Bender kernel byte-code
pbj-file-description Files with pbj file extension are data files in Pixel Bender format. Some specialized processing format. Used for example in Flash.

pbk-file-extension
pbk-file-description Microsoft dial-up phonebook
pbk-file-description Files with pbk file extension are related to the Microsoft dial-up phonebook format.

pbl-file-extension
pbl-file-description PowerBASIC library
pbl-file-description A pbl file extension is associated with the PowerBASIC IDE and used for its library files.

pbm-file-extension
pbm-file-description Portable bitmap picture
pbm-file-description Files with pbm file extension can be mostly found as pictures in Portable bitmap graphic format.

pbmb-file-extension
pbmb-file-description Portable bitmap image format
pbmb-file-description A pbmb file extension is related to the Portable bitmap image format used to store monochrome bitmap images.

pbmv-file-extension
pbmv-file-description Portable bitmap
pbmv-file-description A pbmv file extension is related to the portable bitmap format used to store monochrome picture images.

pbn-file-extension
pbn-file-description Portable Bridge notation
pbn-file-description A pbn file extension is related to the Bridge Base Online computer game. A pbn file stores notation.

pbo-file-extension
pbo-file-description Microsoft Source Profiler profiler binary output
pbo-file-description A pbo file extension is associated with the Microsoft Source Profiler. A pbo file stores binary output files created by the Source Profiler.

pbp-file-extension
pbp-file-description Sony PlayStation Portable firmware image
pbp-file-description Files with pbp file extension can be often found as firmware images or updates for Sony PlayStation Portable (Sony PSP).

pbproj-file-extension
pbproj-file-description Project Builder project
pbproj-file-description The pbproj file extension is related to the Project Builder programming environment. The pbproj file contains project.

pbq-file-extension
pbq-file-description PunkBuster query script
pbq-file-description Files with pbq file extension are related to the PunkBuster query scripts.

pbr-file-extension
pbr-file-description PowerBuilder resource file
pbr-file-description Files with pbr extension are used for PowerBuilder program.

pbs-file-extension
pbs-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro brush stroke presets
pbs-file-description A pbs file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Photo Pro brush stroke presets file format.

pbt-file-extension
pbt-file-description Microsoft Source Profiler binary table
pbt-file-description A pbt file extension is related to the Microsoft Source Profiler, an integrated to Microsoft Windows operating system.

pbtx-file-extension
pbtx-file-description PowerBuilder target data
pbtx-file-description A pbtx file extension is related to the PowerBuilder, an IDE for Microsoft Windows. A pbtx file stores target data.

pbu-file-extension
pbu-file-description PowerBASIC DOS compiled unit
pbu-file-description Files with pbu file extension can be found as part of PowerBASIC programming tools for BASIC programming language.

pbv-file-extension
pbv-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro bevel preset
pbv-file-description A pbv file extension is related to the Corel Paint Shop Pro and used for its bevel preset data.

pbw-file-extension
pbw-file-description Photobucket slideshow data
pbw-file-description A pbw file extension is related to the Photobucket and used for slideshow files.

pbx-file-extension
pbx-file-description Outlook Express message folder
pbx-file-description A pbx file extension is related to the Outlook Express, an e-mail client and used for its message folders.

pbx5script-file-extension
pbx5script-file-description Personal Backup script file
pbx5script-file-description Files with PBX5SCRIPT file extension can be mainly found as scripts from Personal Backup software.

pbxbtree-file-extension
pbxbtree-file-description Apple Xcode auto-complete file
pbxbtree-file-description Detailed description

pbxproj-file-extension
pbxproj-file-description Apple Project Builder Xcode project
pbxproj-file-description Files with pbxproj suffix might mostly found as projects from Apple Project Builder program.

pbxscript-file-extension
pbxscript-file-description Personal Backup script file
pbxscript-file-description Files with PBXSCRIPT extension might be found as scripts from Personal Backup app for Mac OS X computers.

pbxuser-file-extension
pbxuser-file-description Xcode project user data
pbxuser-file-description Files with pbxuser file extension can be found as one of the settings files of a Xcode project.

pbz-file-extension
pbz-file-description Google Picasa button ZIP archive
pbz-file-description A pbz file extension is related to the Google Picasa a photo editing and management tool as well as cloud service for sharing photos on Internet. A pbz file stores button used by Picasa API.

pc-file-extension
pc-file-description Personal Composer musical notation
pc-file-description Files with pc suffix can be noways mostly found as music notations from Personal Composer music notation software.

pc1-file-extension
pc1-file-description Atari Degas image
pc1-file-description Files with pc1 file extension can also be found as images in Atari Degas format.

pc2-file-extension
pc2-file-description Atari Degas image
pc2-file-description Files with pc2 extension can also be found as images in Atari Degas format.

pc3-file-extension
pc3-file-description Harvard custom palette
pc3-file-description A pc3 file extension is related to the Harvard Graphics ChartXL and used for its custom palette files.

pc5-file-extension
pc5-file-description Rockwell Software Logix 5 internal data
pc5-file-description A pc5 file extension is related to the Rockwell Software Logix 5 programming suite. A pc5 file contains internal data.

pc6-file-extension
pc6-file-description PowerCADD 6 drawing
pc6-file-description A pc6 file extension is related to the PowerCADD 6 drawing file format.

pc7-file-extension
pc7-file-description PowerCADD 7 drawing
pc7-file-description A pc7 file extension is related to the PowerCADD 7 drawing file format.

pca-file-extension
pca-file-description pcAnywhere registry backup
pca-file-description A pca file extension is related to the pcAnywhere and used for its registry backup files.

pcap-file-extension
pcap-file-description Captured packets
pcap-file-description Files with pcap file extension can be found as Packet capture data files from Wireshark network protocol analyzer.

pcapng-file-extension
pcapng-file-description PCAP Next Generation Dump format
pcapng-file-description Files with pcapng file extension are files in PCAP Next Generation Dump file format.

pcast-file-extension
pcast-file-description Apple iTunes podcast URL settings
pcast-file-description A pcast file extension is related to the Apple iTunes, a multimedia management tool and used for its podcast URL files.

pcb-file-extension
pcb-file-description Printed circuit board design
pcb-file-description Files with pcb extension can be commonly found as gerber - printed circuit board design files.

pcbdoc-file-extension
pcbdoc-file-description Printed circuit board description
pcbdoc-file-description Files with pcbdoc extension can be quite often encountered as special printed circuit board description files used by various PCB designing tools.

pcblib-file-extension
pcblib-file-description Protel PCB library
pcblib-file-description A pcblib file extension is related to the Altium Designer and used for its Protel PCB library files.

pcc-file-extension
pcc-file-description Mass Effect game package
pcc-file-description A pcc file extension is associated with the Mass Effect video game and used for its game packages.

pcd2-file-extension
pcd2-file-description Pfaff Creative Designer for Windows design
pcd2-file-description A pcd2 file extension is related to Pfaff Creative Designer designing software. A .pcd2 file stores design.

pcdat-file-extension
pcdat-file-description Physics corellation data
pcdat-file-description Files with pcdat file extension can be found as physics data files for some scientific programs.

pcds-file-extension
pcds-file-description Multi-resolution bitmap graphics - Kodak Photo-CD format
pcds-file-description A pcds file extension is related to the Multi-resolution bitmap graphics - Kodak Photo-CD format.

pce-file-extension
pce-file-description Eudora mailbox name map
pce-file-description A pce file extension is related to the Eudora, an e-mail client for various platforms. A pce file stores mailbox name map.

pcf-file-extension
pcf-file-description Microsoft Source Profiler profiler command
pcf-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe PCF file extension!

pcfl-file-extension
pcfl-file-description SoftWindows data
pcfl-file-description A pcfl file extension is related to the SoftWindows operating system virtualization software.

pcg-file-extension
pcg-file-description Photo CD graphic data
pcg-file-description Files with pcg file extension can be found as graphics files from older Photo CD software solution from Kodak.

pch-file-extension
pch-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ precompiled header
pch-file-description A pch file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and Visual C++ development environments. A pch file stores pre-compiled header.

pch%2B%2B-file-extension
pch%2B%2B-file-description CodeWarrior data
pch%2B%2B-file-description A pch++ file extension is related to the CodeWarrior development tool. A pch++ file contains data.

pch2-file-extension
pch2-file-description Nord Modular G2 patch
pch2-file-description A pch2 file extension is related to the Nord hardware and software. A pch2 file contains patch.

pchd-file-extension
pchd-file-description PC Backup Utilities backup file
pchd-file-description Files with pchd extension are used by the PC Backup Utilities. They include some image data of hard drive.

pci-file-extension
pci-file-description PCI miniport data
pci-file-description A pci file extension is related to the PCI miniport data used by Microsoft Windows operating system.

pcif-file-extension
pcif-file-description PayCycle data
pcif-file-description A pcif file extension is related to the PayCycle a payroll software.

pcj-file-extension
pcj-file-description IBM LinkWay graphics data
pcj-file-description A pcj file extension is related to the IBM LinkWay, an authoring tool for creating presentations. A pcj file stores graphics.

pck-file-extension
pck-file-description Game package
pck-file-description Files with pck extension can be commonly found in computer games as various resource data files - packages.

pckgdep-file-extension
pckgdep-file-description Microsoft Windows package deployment
pckgdep-file-description A pckgdep file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A pckgdep file contains package deployment.

pcl-file-extension
pcl-file-description HP vector graphics
pcl-file-description A pcl file extension is associated with the HP Printer Control Language and used for its vector graphics format.

pcmi-file-extension
pcmi-file-description ABB PCM600 pre-configured IED data
pcmi-file-description Files with pcmi file extension are related to the ABB PCM600 pre-configured IED data format.

pcmp-file-extension
pcmp-file-description ABB PCM600 project
pcmp-file-description Files with pcmp extension can be usually encountered as IEC 61850 compliant projects from ABB PCM600 software.

pcmt-file-extension
pcmt-file-description ABB PCM600 template IED data
pcmt-file-description A pcmt file extension is related to the PCM600 software tools. A pcmt file contains IED data.

pcn-file-extension
pcn-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro contour preset
pcn-file-description A pcn file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Photo Pro photo editing software for Windows.

pco-file-extension
pco-file-description PComposer notation project
pco-file-description Files with pco file extension might also be found as projects from PComposer music notation software.

pcp-file-extension
pcp-file-description Windows Installer patch creation process data
pcp-file-description Files with pcp extension can be quite often encountered as special temporary data generated by the Windows Installer. A pcp file stores patch creation process data.

pcpack-file-extension
pcpack-file-description Graphics data
pcpack-file-description Files with pcpack file extension might be found as some sort of graphics packs for some very old computer game.

pcq-file-extension
pcq-file-description Pfaff embroidery data
pcq-file-description A pcq file extension is related to the Pfaff embroidery data format.

pcr-file-extension
pcr-file-description PCMark benchmark report
pcr-file-description A pcr file extension is related to PCMark a hardware performance testing utility. A pcr file contains benchmark results.

pcrd-file-extension
pcrd-file-description CFX Manager software data
pcrd-file-description A pcrd file extension is related to the CFX Manager software. A pcrd file contains data.

pcs-file-extension
pcs-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint picture storage
pcs-file-description Files with pcs extension are in most cases related to the Microsoft PowerPoint presentation software. An pcs files contain storage for pictures.

pcsav-file-extension
pcsav-file-description Mass Effect saved game
pcsav-file-description A pcsav file extension is related to the Mass Effect 3D action RPG computer game. A pcsav file stores user's game character data.

pcsxstate-file-extension
pcsxstate-file-description PCSX emulator saved game
pcsxstate-file-description A pcsxstate file extension is related to the PCSX emulator of SONY Playstation 1 video gaming console. A pcsxstate file contains saved player's progress in the game.

pct-file-extension
pct-file-description Picture image
pct-file-description Fiels with pct file extension is related to various picture image formats available for various plaforms.

pctl-file-extension
pctl-file-description Adobe PageMaker data
pctl-file-description A pctl file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker and used for its data files.

pcu-file-extension
pcu-file-description PC MightyMax undo data
pcu-file-description Files with pcu file extension might be found as some sort of registry backup created by the PC MightyMax utility.

pcv-file-extension
pcv-file-description MozBackup backup
pcv-file-description A pcv file extension is related to the MozBackup a backup tool for Firefox and Seamonkey web browsers for Windows. A pcv file stores backup of web browser data.

pcw-file-extension
pcw-file-description PC Write text document
pcw-file-description A pcw file extension is related to the PC Write and used for its text documents.

pcxm-file-extension
pcxm-file-description SQL Server encrypted forms backup
pcxm-file-description A pcxm file extension is related to the Microsoft SQL Server and used for its encrypted forms backup files.

pcx_-file-extension
pcx_-file-description Paintbrush bitmap graphics
pcx_-file-description A pcx file extension is related to the Paintbrush bitmap graphics format.

pcy-file-extension
pcy-file-description Server policy data
pcy-file-description Files with pcy file extension are server policy files from HP Tru64 Unix platform.

pcz-file-extension
pcz-file-description Compressed Macintosh PICT picture image file
pcz-file-description Files with pcz suffix can be most often found as pictures saved in the Compressed Macintosh PICT picture image format.

pd-file-extension
pd-file-description Corel Paradox table
pd-file-description A pd file extension is related to the Corel Paradox a database management system and used for its table files.

pd0-file-extension
pd0-file-description SonTek firmware
pd0-file-description Files with pd0 file extension can be found as firmware files for SonTek devices.

pd1-file-extension
pd1-file-description DFSee partition data
pd1-file-description Files with pd1 file suffix are associated with the DFSee partition data format.

pd2-file-extension
pd2-file-description DFSee partition table and boot sector backup
pd2-file-description Files with pd2 file extension might be found as backups of partition table and boot sector made in DFsee utility.

pd3-file-extension
pd3-file-description 3D Studio Max data
pd3-file-description A pd3 file extension is related to the 3ds max, a 3D modeling program. A pd3 file contains some kind of data used by 3ds max.

pd4-file-extension
pd4-file-description Windows Photo Gallery user data
pd4-file-description A pd4 file extension is associated with the Windows Photo Gallery a part for Windows operating system. A pd4 file contains data related to Windows Photo Gallery user.

pd5-file-extension
pd5-file-description DFSee partition table and boot sector backup
pd5-file-description A pd5 file extension is related to the DFSee software and used for its backup files.

pd6-file-extension
pd6-file-description Lacerte Tax data
pd6-file-description A pd6 file extension is related to the Lacerte Tax financial software. A pd6 file contains some kind financial data.

pda-file-extension
pda-file-description Autodesk pond outflow data
pda-file-description Files with pda file extension can be found in programs developed by AutoDesk, such as AutoCAD Civil. These files contains some sort of pond outlfow data.

pdadj-file-extension
pdadj-file-description Cyberlink PhotoDirector preset
pdadj-file-description A pdadj file extension is related to the Cyberlink PhotoDirector, a photo editing tool. A pdadj file stores preset to add effects to photo.

pdas-file-extension
pdas-file-description PDAStore data
pdas-file-description A pdas file extension is related to the PDAStore, a program for Windows Mobile system. A pdas file contains data.

pdb-file-extension
pdb-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ program database
pdb-file-description There are 17 other file types  usingthe PDB file extension!

pdbx-file-extension
pdbx-file-description Martini personal database
pdbx-file-description A pdbx file extension is related to the Martini personal database file format.

pdc-file-extension
pdc-file-description Lizard Safeguard secure PDF document
pdc-file-description Files with pdc extension are mainly related to the Lizard Safeguard and used for its secure pdf files.

pdcr-file-extension
pdcr-file-description PadCrypt Ransomware script
pdcr-file-description Files with pdcr suffix are related to the PadCrypt Ransomware, a malicious program for Windows. A pdcr file contains PadCrypt installation script.

pdd-file-extension
pdd-file-description Adobe PhotoDeluxe document
pdd-file-description A pdd file extension is related to the Adobe PhotoDeluxe and Photoshop software. A pdd file stores graphics data.

pde-file-extension
pde-file-description PowerDesk encrypted data
pde-file-description A pde file extension is associated with the PowerDesk file manager. A pde file stores encrypted data.

pdfa-file-extension
pdfa-file-description PDF/A document file
pdfa-file-description A pdfa file extension is related to PDF (Portable Document Format)  developed by Adobe.

pdfe-file-extension
pdfe-file-description PDF/E document file
pdfe-file-description Files with pdfe extension are connected with PDF file format developed by Adobe. It is a subset file of PDF formalized by ISO 24517.

pdfenx-file-extension
pdfenx-file-description Egis encrypted PDF document
pdfenx-file-description Files with pdfenx file extension can be mostly found as Egis encrypted PDF document. Often found on Acer notebooks.

pdfig-file-extension
pdfig-file-description PDF Index Generator project file
pdfig-file-description Files with pdifg extension are associated with PDF Index Generator, they are used as some index files.

pdfl-file-extension
pdfl-file-description Document Manager locked PDF document
pdfl-file-description A pdfl file extension is associated with the Document Manager locked PDF document format.

pdfs-file-extension
pdfs-file-description Adobe Illustrator fdata
pdfs-file-description A pdfs file extension is related to the Adobe Illustrator, a vector graphics editing software. A pdfs file contains data.

pdfua-file-extension
pdfua-file-description PDF/UA document file
pdfua-file-description A pdfua file extension is related to Adobe Acrobat software. PDF/UA is a subset of PDF format, formalized in ISO/DIS 14289-1 standard.

pdfvt-file-extension
pdfvt-file-description PDF/VT document file
pdfvt-file-description Files with pdfvt extension are related to the PDF file format.

pdfx-file-extension
pdfx-file-description PDF/X document
pdfx-file-description Files with pdfx extension can be occasionally found as special  special subset of standard PDF document format introduced with the ISO 15929 and 15930 standards.

pdfxml-file-extension
pdfxml-file-description Adobe Mars project XML based PDF document
pdfxml-file-description A pdfxml file extension is related to the Adobe Mars project XML based PDF document format.

pdfz-file-extension
pdfz-file-description Adobe PDF JobReady Launcher data
pdfz-file-description A pdfz file extension is related to the Adobe PDF JobReady Luncher.

pdf_-file-extension
pdf_-file-description Adobe Acrobat portable document
pdf_-file-description A pdf_ file extension is related to Adobe Portable Document file format. A pdf_ file stores PDF document.

pdf_profile-file-extension
pdf_profile-file-description PagePlus PDF profile
pdf_profile-file-description A pdf_profile file extension is related to the PagePlus software. A pdf_profile file contains PDF profile.

pdf_tsid-file-extension
pdf_tsid-file-description Adobe PDF document
pdf_tsid-file-description A pdf_tsid file extension is related to the Adobe PDF document format.

pdg-file-extension
pdg-file-description Chinamaxx/SSreader digital book
pdg-file-description Files with pdg extension can be found as e-books downloaded from one of the China's digital libraries, such as SSReader or Chinamaxx.

pdi-file-extension
pdi-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint import or export data
pdi-file-description Files with pdi extension are usually found as import/export data for Microsoft PowerPoint digital presentation creating tool for Windows and Mac.

pdic-file-extension
pdic-file-description Personal Dictionary database
pdic-file-description A pdic file extension is related to the Personal Dictionary software and used for its database files.

pdj-file-extension
pdj-file-description Pioneer CDJ-1000MK3 index
pdj-file-description A pdj file extension is related to the Pioneer CDJ-1000MK3 index format.

pdk-file-extension
pdk-file-description PC Desktop Cleaner configuration
pdk-file-description A pdk file extension is associated with the PC Desktop Cleaner and used for its configuration data.

pdl-file-extension
pdl-file-description Print Shop Deluxe project
pdl-file-description Files with pdl file extension can be found as projects from Print Shop Deluxe desktop publishing program.

pdlcp-file-extension
pdlcp-file-description Cyberlink PhotoDirector lens profile
pdlcp-file-description A pdlcp file extension is related to the Cyberlink PhotoDirector, a photo editing tool for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X (macOS). A pdlcp file stores lens profile.

pdm-file-extension
pdm-file-description PowerDesigner database
pdm-file-description Files with pdm extension can be found as old files used by earlier versions of Sybase PowerDesigner.

pdml-file-extension
pdml-file-description Packet Details Markup Language source code
pdml-file-description Files with pdml file extension are written in the Packet Details Markup Language from NetPDL engine.

pdms-file-extension
pdms-file-description Plant Design Management System file
pdms-file-description PDMS files are related to special CAD files in Plant Design Management System format.

pdn-file-extension
pdn-file-description Paint.NET picture format
pdn-file-description Files with pdn extension can be usually found as raster graphics files saved in Paint.NET graphics editing tool.

pdo-file-extension
pdo-file-description Pepakura Designer paper craft model design
pdo-file-description Files with pdo extension can be mainly found as paper craft models designs created and saved using the Papekura Designer.

pdoc-file-extension
pdoc-file-description Grabdp data
pdoc-file-description A pdoc file extension is related to the Grabdp data format.

pdom-file-extension
pdom-file-description Eclipse index database
pdom-file-description Files with pdom file suffix are related to the Eclipse, programming tool for various platforms. A pdom file contains index database.

pdp-file-extension
pdp-file-description Print Shop Deluxe document
pdp-file-description Files with pdp file extension can be found as documents created and saved in Print Shop Deluxe.

pdpcomp-file-extension
pdpcomp-file-description Chaos Group Pdplayer composition data
pdpcomp-file-description A pdpcomp file extension is related to the Chaos Group Pdplayer and used for its composition files.

pdq-file-extension
pdq-file-description Flow Charting PDQ data
pdq-file-description A pdq file extension is related to the Flow Charting software developed by Patton&Patton.

pdr-file-extension
pdr-file-description Windows Port device driver data
pdr-file-description A pdr file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Port device driver.

pds-file-extension
pds-file-description Cyberlink PowerDirector project
pds-file-description Files with pds extension is related to the Cyberlink PowerDirector video editing software. A pds file contains video project.

pdsprj-file-extension
pdsprj-file-description Proteus project
pdsprj-file-description Files with pdsprj extension can be most often encountered as PCB design projects from Proteus Design Suite.

pdt-file-extension
pdt-file-description ProCite database
pdt-file-description A pdt file extension is related to the ProCite and used for its database files.

pdtex-file-extension
pdtex-file-description PDF-XChange Editor data
pdtex-file-description A pdtex file extension is associated with the PDF-XChange Editor for Microsoft Windows. A pdtex file contains data.

pdu-file-extension
pdu-file-description Protocol data unit message
pdu-file-description Files with pdu extension can be found text files, commonly used on mobile networks.

pdv-file-extension
pdv-file-description Visualization Toolkit graphic file
pdv-file-description Files with pdv extension can be most often encountered as graphics fies made using the Visualization Toolkit.

pdvr-file-extension
pdvr-file-description QuickDraw GX file
pdvr-file-description Detailed description

pdw-file-extension
pdw-file-description Professional Draw graphic file
pdw-file-description Files with pdw extension are used for Professional Draw software developed by Gold Disk company.

pdx-file-extension
pdx-file-description Adobe Acrobat index
pdx-file-description Files with pdx extension can be usually encountered as index files from Adobe Acrobata PDF documents authoring tool for Windows and Mac.

pdxa-file-extension
pdxa-file-description Europa Universalis III file format
pdxa-file-description Detailed description

pdxe-file-extension
pdxe-file-description Unknown file extension
pdxe-file-description Files with pdxe file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

pdy-file-extension
pdy-file-description PDY auto data
pdy-file-description A pdy file extension is associated with the PDY auto data format.

pdz-file-extension
pdz-file-description GZipped Brookhaven Protein Databank 3D model
pdz-file-description A pdz file extension is related to the GZipped Brookhaven Protein Databank file format used to store three dimensional structures of molecules.

pe-file-extension
pe-file-description PE - Portable Executable
pe-file-description Files with pe file extension are related to the Microsoft Windows Portable Executable Format used by 32-bit Windows operating systems.

pe3-file-extension
pe3-file-description Ulead PhotoImpact image archive
pe3-file-description A pe3 file extension is related to the Ulead PhotoImpact and used for its image archives.

pe4-file-extension
pe4-file-description Ulead image archive
pe4-file-description Files with pe4 file extension can be mainly found as image archives created in older Ulead programs like Photo Explorer or PhotoImpact.

pea-file-extension
pea-file-description PeaZip pack encrypt authenticate fdata
pea-file-description Files with pea file extension can mainly be found as some sort of encrypted archives created using the PeaZip program.

peak-file-extension
peak-file-description Adobe Soundbooth peak data
peak-file-description A peak file extension is related to the Adobe Soundbooth, a digital audio editing tool. A peak file contains peak data.

peb-file-extension
peb-file-description Corel WordPerfect program editor bottom overflow
peb-file-description A peb file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect word editing tool. A peb file stores program editor bottom overflow data.

pec-file-extension
pec-file-description Brother embroidery design
pec-file-description Files with pec file extension can be typically encountered as special embroidery design files for Brother stitching / sewing machines.

ped-file-extension
ped-file-description Corel WordPerfect deleted item data
ped-file-description Files with ped file extension can be found as program editor delete save files from Corel WordPerfect.

pee-file-extension
pee-file-description Sage Timberline Estimating data
pee-file-description A pee file extension is related to the Sage Timberline Estimating and used for its data files.

pef-file-extension
pef-file-description Pentax Digital Camera Raw Image Format
pef-file-description Files with pef file extension can be usually found as digital RAW photographs recorded using the Pentax digital cameras.

peg-file-extension
peg-file-description Red Faction II game data
peg-file-description A peg file extension is associated with the 3D first person shooter computer game called Red Faction II. A peg file stores various game data.

pegglesavedgame-file-extension
pegglesavedgame-file-description Peggle saved game
pegglesavedgame-file-description The pegglesavedgame file extension is related to the Peggle and used for its saved game files.

pegn-file-extension
pegn-file-description Peggle Nights replay
pegn-file-description A pegn file extension is related to the Peggle Nights video game and used for its replay files.

pegs1-file-extension
pegs1-file-description Merry X-Mas ransomware affected file
pegs1-file-description Files with PEGS1 suffix are files that have been encrypted and renamed by the Merry X-Mas ransomware.

pek-file-extension
pek-file-description Adobe Premiere Pro graphic waveform
pek-file-description Files with pek file extension can be mainly found as special graphic waveforms for Adobe Premiere.

pekey-file-extension
pekey-file-description PhysicsEditor key file
pekey-file-description Detailed description

pel-file-extension
pel-file-description Baby Lock, Bernina Deco, Brother, Simplicity Embroidery format
pel-file-description Files with pel extension can be found as older embroideries for larger BABYLOCK, BROTHER  -  PE-DESIGN, Simplicity, or Buzz Tools stitching machines.

pem-file-extension
pem-file-description Privacy Enhanced Mail security certificate
pem-file-description Files with pem file extension can be generally found as security certificates for internet communication. Usually imported to web browsers.

pen-file-extension
pen-file-description Corel PaintShop Pro enamel presets
pen-file-description A pen file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Pro and used for its enamel presets.

pencast-file-extension
pencast-file-description Livescribe Desktop data
pencast-file-description A pencast file extension is related to the Livescribe Desktop and used for its data files.

pending-file-extension
pending-file-description SendSafe pending e-message
pending-file-description A .pending file extension is related to the SendSafe pending e-message format.

penguinssavedgame-file-extension
penguinssavedgame-file-description Penguins! saved game
penguinssavedgame-file-description A penguinssavedgame file extension is related to the Penguins! and used for its saved games.

pep-file-extension
pep-file-description TurboProject project
pep-file-description A pep file extension is related to the TurboProject, a project management program. A pep file stores project.

peq-file-extension
peq-file-description Corel WordPerfect Program Editor print queue file
peq-file-description Detailed description

per-file-extension
per-file-description Corel WordPerfect Program Editor resident area
per-file-description A per file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its resident area data.

perf-file-extension
perf-file-description Linux perf data
perf-file-description Files with file extension perf are related to the Linux operating system, A perf file contains data from Perf Linux tool.

perfmoncfg-file-extension
perfmoncfg-file-description Microsoft Windows Performance Monitor configuration
perfmoncfg-file-description A perfmoncfg file extension is used for Microsoft Windows Performance Monitor configuration file.

perl-file-extension
perl-file-description Perl source code
perl-file-description A perl file extension is related to the Perl programming language. A perl file stores Perl program source code.

perlapp-file-extension
perlapp-file-description Perl Dev Kit data
perlapp-file-description A perlapp file extension is related to the Perl Dev Kit and used for its data files.

perlcriticrc-file-extension
perlcriticrc-file-description PerlCritic configuration data
perlcriticrc-file-description Files with perlcriticrc file extension are related to the PerlCritic configuration data.

perlctrl-file-extension
perlctrl-file-description Perl Dev Kit PerlCtrl project
perlctrl-file-description Files with perlctrl file extension are related to the Perl Dev Kit PerlCtrl projects created in Perl Dev Kit.

perlnet-file-extension
perlnet-file-description Perl Dev Kit PerlNET project
perlnet-file-description Files with perlnet file suffix are related Perl Dev Kit development tool.

perlsvc-file-extension
perlsvc-file-description Perl Dev Kit project
perlsvc-file-description Files with perlsvc file extension are related to the PerlSvc project files from Perl Dev Kit.

perltray-file-extension
perltray-file-description Perl Dev Kit PerlTray project
perltray-file-description A perltray file extension is related to the Perl Dev Kit PerlTray project format.

perm-file-extension
perm-file-description PLINK adaptive permutation test report
perm-file-description A perm file extension is related to the PLINK adaptive permutation test report file format.

perspective-file-extension
perspective-file-description Xcode project related data
perspective-file-description A perspective file extension is related to the Xcode and used for its project related files.

perspectivev3-file-extension
perspectivev3-file-description Xcode project related data
perspectivev3-file-description A perspectivev3 file extension is related to the Xcode development tool and used for its project related data.

pes-file-extension
pes-file-description Brother Embroidery file format
pes-file-description Files with pes extension are embroidery designs saved in one of the Brother formats. Used by some specialized sewing machines.

peso-file-extension
peso-file-description Teledyne LeCroy Protocol Analyzer settings
peso-file-description Files with peso file extension might be found as saved user's options from LeCroy Protocol Analyzer products.

pet-file-extension
pet-file-description Macintosh PICT image file
pet-file-description Files with pet extension are used by Macintosh PICT image file. Try to avoid using this files extension as it is no more supported by Adobe and it is not easy to work with this file.

pev-file-extension
pev-file-description CompHEP output data
pev-file-description A pev file extension is related to the CompHEP output file format.

pew-file-extension
pew-file-description IAR Embedded Workbench data
pew-file-description A pew file extension is related to data files used by IAR Embedded Workbench.

pex-file-extension
pex-file-description Merak Peep project data
pex-file-description A pex file extension is associated with the Merak Peep program. A pex file stores project data.

pez-file-extension
pez-file-description Prezi Desktop presentation data
pez-file-description Files with pez extension can be most typically found as default presentation files used in Prezi Desktop program. These files are used for document transfer.

pf-file-extension
pf-file-description Microsoft Windows prefetch data
pf-file-description Files with pf file extension can be typically found as so called prefetch system files in MS Windows operating systems. It was first introduced in Windows XP.

pf0-file-extension
pf0-file-description SmartWare project source code file
pf0-file-description Files with pf0 extension are used by the SmartWare program. They store project source data.

pf1-file-extension
pf1-file-description SmartWare project source code
pf1-file-description A pf1 file extension is related to the SmartWare programming platform. A pf1 file stores project source code.

pf2-file-extension
pf2-file-description Canon Picture Style Editor picture style data
pf2-file-description Files with pf2 extension can be most often found as picture styles from Canon Picture Style Editor photo editing software.

pf3-file-extension
pf3-file-description SmartWare project source code
pf3-file-description Files with pf3 extension can be mostly found as source codes from SmartWare programming platform.

pf4-file-extension
pf4-file-description SmartWare project source code
pf4-file-description A pf4 file extension is related to the SmartWare and used for its project source code files.

pf%3F-file-extension
pf%3F-file-description SmartWare project source
pf%3F-file-description A pf? file extension is related to the SmartWare from IBM. A pf? file stores project source.

pfa-file-extension
pfa-file-description PostScript type 1 font
pfa-file-description A pfa file extension is related to the PostScript type 1 font format used in desktop publishing.

pfb-file-extension
pfb-file-description Type 1 PostScript font
pfb-file-description Files with pfb extension can be found as Adobe Type 1 PostScript fonts. One of the many font formats.

pfc-file-extension
pfc-file-description AOL Personal Filling Cabinet
pfc-file-description Files with pfc extension are quite often just old AOL personally filling cabinet files from the desktop application.

pfcolors-file-extension
pfcolors-file-description Pixelformer colors
pfcolors-file-description Files with pfcolors file extension are commonly used by Pixelformer application for Microsoft Windows.

pfd-file-extension
pfd-file-description Micrografx Optimal process flow diagram
pfd-file-description Files with pfd extension can be most notably encountered as flow diagrams from Micrografx Optimal software.

pfe-file-extension
pfe-file-description Programmers File Editor file
pfe-file-description Files with pfe extension are used by the Programmer's File Editor application. They include some data for internal purposes.

pff-file-extension
pff-file-description NovaLogic game archive
pff-file-description Files with plf file extension are commonly found in games from NovaLogic Studio. Contains game resource data.

pfg-file-extension
pfg-file-description jEEPersDX configuration data
pfg-file-description A pfg file extension is related to the jEEPersDX programming software and used for its configuration files.

pfi-file-extension
pfi-file-description Panorama Factory bitmap image
pfi-file-description Files with pfi file extension can be found as images created and saved in the Panorama Factory graphics editor.

pfile-file-extension
pfile-file-description Microsoft Rights Management protected data
pfile-file-description Files with pfile file extension can be usually encountered as files protected by the Microsoft Rights Management (DRM) service.

pfk-file-extension
pfk-file-description XTreePro programmable function keys
pfk-file-description Files with pfk file extension could in the past be found as F-key settings for XtreeGold file manager.

pfl-file-extension
pfl-file-description Lotus Freelance for DOS 4.0 portfolio presentation
pfl-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe PFL file extension!

pfm-file-extension
pfm-file-description Printer outline metric font
pfm-file-description Files with pfm suffix are fonts that also contain font metric information. Also called Adobe Type 1 font.

pfn-file-extension
pfn-file-description Portable Bitmap file
pfn-file-description Files with pfn extension are known as Portable bitmap format file.

pfo-file-extension
pfo-file-description Pismo File Mount Audit Package data
pfo-file-description A pfo file extension is related to the Pismo File Mount Audit Package software. A pfo file contains some kind of data.

pfp-file-extension
pfp-file-description Panorama Factory project
pfp-file-description Files with pfp file extension can be typically found as projects saved in Factory photo-stitching program from Smoky City Design.

pfplugin-file-extension
pfplugin-file-description Pixelformer plugin
pfplugin-file-description Files with pfplugin file extension are commonly used by Pixelformer software for Windows.

pfr-file-extension
pfr-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro frame data
pfr-file-description Files with pfr file suffix are related to the Corel PaintShop Photo Pro frame data format.

pfs-file-extension
pfs-file-description Zend Studio team project settings
pfs-file-description A pfs file extension is related to the Zend Studio, a PHP development tool. A pfs file stores project settings.

pfsx-file-extension
pfsx-file-description ELAN document
pfsx-file-description A pfsx file extension is related to the ELAN annotation utility for Windows. A .pfsx file contains annotation project.

pft-file-extension
pft-file-description Corel WordPerfect temporary data
pft-file-description A pft file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect a word processing software for Microsoft Windows. A pft file stores some kind of temporary data.

pfv-file-extension
pfv-file-description PhotoFiltre Studio vectorial data
pfv-file-description Files with pfv file extension can also be found as data files from PhotoFilter Studio program.

pfw-file-extension
pfw-file-description Symantec LiveAdvisor data
pfw-file-description A pfw file extension is related to the data files used by Symantec LiveAdvisor.

pfz-file-extension
pfz-file-description PixelLive Viewer data
pfz-file-description A pfz file extension is related to the PixelLive Viewer software for Windows.

pf_-file-extension
pf_-file-description Encore compressed data
pf_-file-description A pf_ file extension is related to the Encore and used for its compressed data.

pg-file-extension
pg-file-description IBM LinkWay page cut/paste data
pg-file-description A pg file extension is related to the IBM LinkWay page cut/paste data files.

pg5-file-extension
pg5-file-description M5000 Portable Bar Code Scanner update
pg5-file-description A pg5 file extension is related to the M5000 Portable Bar Code Scanner update format.

pga-file-extension
pga-file-description PowerGREP action file
pga-file-description Files with pga extension are used by PowerGREP searching tool. They include some various data used for internal purposes.

pgal-file-extension
pgal-file-description My Pictures 3D Album gallery data
pgal-file-description A pgal file extension is related to the My Pictures 3D Album tool. A pgal file stores gallery.

pgb-file-extension
pgb-file-description Rayman 2 game data
pgb-file-description A pgb file extension is related to the Rayman 2 video game. A pgb file contains game data.

pgc-file-extension
pgc-file-description Portable Gaming Notation format
pgc-file-description Files with pgc file extension are mainly used for some sort of specialized format for representing of chess games.

pgd-file-extension
pgd-file-description Pretty Good Privacy PGPdisk image
pgd-file-description Files with pgd file extension can be typically found as disk images from Pretty Good Privacy data encryption software.

pgdata-file-extension
pgdata-file-description URL Melter data
pgdata-file-description A pgdata file extension is related to the URL Melter and used for its data files.

pge-file-extension
pge-file-description PocketGrandmaster game engine data
pge-file-description A pge file extension is related to the PocketGrandmaster, a chess video game. A pge file stores game data.

pgf-file-extension
pgf-file-description Atari Portfolio Graphics image format
pgf-file-description A pgc file extension is related to the Atari Portfolio Graphics image format.

pgi-file-extension
pgi-file-description GAUSS PGRAPH library
pgi-file-description A pgi file extension is related to the GAUSS PGRAPH, a matrix programming language and used for library files.

pgl-file-extension
pgl-file-description PowerGREP library file format
pgl-file-description A pgl file extension is associated with the PowerGREP, a grep tool for searching through large numbers of text. A pgl file stores some kind of data in library file format.

pgm-file-extension
pgm-file-description Portable graymap file format
pgm-file-description Files with pgm file extension might be mostly founds as images in Portable Graymap file format.

pgma-file-extension
pgma-file-description ASCII Portable Gray Map format
pgma-file-description A pgma file extension is associated with the ASCII Portable Gray Map format.

pgmb-file-extension
pgmb-file-description Binary PGM data
pgmb-file-description A pgmb file extension is related to the Binary Portable Gray Map format, used to store grayscale images.

pgmf-file-extension
pgmf-file-description Tacx Fortius data
pgmf-file-description A pgmf file is related to the Tacx Fortius and used to store game data.

pgml-file-extension
pgml-file-description Precision Graphics Markup Language file format
pgml-file-description Files with pgml extension are used by Precision Graphics Markup Language.

pgmx-file-extension
pgmx-file-description Pegasys video
pgmx-file-description A pgmx file extension is related to the Pegasys video file format developed by Pegasys, Inc.

pgn-file-extension
pgn-file-description Picatinny Arsenal Electronic formstore data
pgn-file-description Files with pgn file extension can be found as special TIFF images used by Picatinny Arsenal Electronic Formstore. Just rename it back to TIF.

pgo-file-extension
pgo-file-description Papagayo data
pgo-file-description A pgo file extension is related to the Papagayo software for Apple Mac OS X (macOS).

pgp-file-extension
pgp-file-description Pretty Good Privacy encrypted key
pgp-file-description Files with pgp extension can be typically found as encrypted file generated using the PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) software.

pgpf-file-extension
pgpf-file-description Password Generator password data
pgpf-file-description A pgpf file extension is related to Password Generator. Probably obsolete format.

pgr-file-extension
pgr-file-description Pretty Good Privacy PGP groups data
pgr-file-description A pgr file extension is related to the PGP (Pretty Good Privacy). A pgr file stores groups data.

pgs-file-extension
pgs-file-description PageStream document
pgs-file-description A pgs file extension is related to the PageStream, a desktop publishing software for various platforms. A pgs file contains document.

pgsa-file-extension
pgsa-file-description PowerGREP sequence action
pgsa-file-description A pgsa file extension is related to the PowerGREP from Just Great Software Co. Ltd.

pgsr-file-extension
pgsr-file-description PowerGREP sequence results
pgsr-file-description A pgsr file extension is related to the PowerGREP a software tool for Microsoft Windows operating system.

pgt-file-extension
pgt-file-description Sothink DHTML menu
pgt-file-description The pgt file extension is associated with the Sothink DHTMLMenu - software used to develop JavaScript menus for the Web. File stores editable information and settings necessary to create and export the final webpage menu files.

pgu-file-extension
pgu-file-description PowerGREP data
pgu-file-description A pgu file extension is related to the PowerGREP, a grep tool for Microsoft Windows.

pgw-file-extension
pgw-file-description Map data
pgw-file-description Files with pgw file extension can be found as "world files" for geographic information systems. Basically a text file that contains additional information to accompanied PNG format.

pgwx-file-extension
pgwx-file-description Blender GIS world data
pgwx-file-description A pgwx file extension is associated with Blender GIS world files.

pgx-file-extension
pgx-file-description Visual Basic binary property page
pgx-file-description Files with pgx file extension might be found as part of Visual Basic / Visual Studio. Property page data file.

pgz-file-extension
pgz-file-description StreamLync download archives
pgz-file-description A pgz file extension is related to the StreamLync, a program for Microsoft Windows. A pgz file contains download arhives.

ph-file-extension
ph-file-description Perl header
ph-file-description Files with ph file extension are used by Perl programming language. They are used as a source and code data file format.

pha-file-extension
pha-file-description PTC Creo data
pha-file-description A pha file extension is related to the Creo Elements/Pro software for Microsoft Windows.

phar-file-extension
phar-file-description PHP Extension and Application Repository archive
phar-file-description A phar file extension is used for PHP Extension and Application Repository archive files. Phar file is used to store php files in one data archive, or to distribute PHP applications. To create and extract the Phar archive use Phar component distributed with PHP 5.3 and above.

phb-file-extension
phb-file-description ArcSoft PhotoBase album
phb-file-description A phb file extension is related to the ArcSoft PhotoBase and used for its album files.

phc-file-extension
phc-file-description Home Embroidery design
phc-file-description Files with phc extension can be quite often found as embroidery designs in Home Embroidery format. Contains instruction for stitching machine.

phd-file-extension
phd-file-description Punch! software CAD plan
phd-file-description A phd file extension is related to the Punch! designing tool and used for its CAD plan files.

phe-file-extension
phe-file-description WinChess game record
phe-file-description A phe file extension is associated with the WinChess and used for its game record files.

phf-file-extension
phf-file-description Photofont font
phf-file-description Files with phf extension are used for FontLab Photofont. They contain Photofont fonts.

phi-file-extension
phi-file-description SPOCK PhiMap data
phi-file-description A phi file extension is related to the SPOCK (Structural Properties Observation and Calculation Kit).

phj-file-extension
phj-file-description PhCNC project
phj-file-description A phj file extension is related to the PhCNC and used for its project files.

phl-file-extension
phl-file-description PHP source data
phl-file-description A phl file extension is associated with the Hypertext PreProcessor (PHP) and used for its source data files.

phm-file-extension
phm-file-description Pro Home Manager data
phm-file-description A phm file extension is related to the Pro Home Manager for Microsoft Windows. A phm file stores data.

phn-file-extension
phn-file-description Phun scene file
phn-file-description Files with phn extension are used in the endings of the Phun scene files. They contain readable text data.

pho-file-extension
pho-file-description Gerber photoplot data
pho-file-description Files with pho extension can be found as one the gerber file types, designs of printed circuit boards for CAD/CAM industry. It is supported by the Altium Designer.

phonepower-file-extension
phonepower-file-description PhonePower for Windows account file
phonepower-file-description The phonepower file extension is related to the PhonePower for Windows software.

photobookprj-file-extension
photobookprj-file-description Unknown file extension
photobookprj-file-description Files with photobookprj file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

photolibrary-file-extension
photolibrary-file-description Apple iPhoto digital photo library
photolibrary-file-description A photolibrary file extension is related to the Apple iPhoto digital photos management software and used for its digital photo libraries.

photoshow-file-extension
photoshow-file-description Roxio PhotoShow data
photoshow-file-description Files with photoshow file extension are related to Roxio PhotoShow application.

photoslibrary-file-extension
photoslibrary-file-description Apple Photos library
photoslibrary-file-description A photoslibrary file extension is related to the Apple Photos and used for its library files (contains photos, albums, thumbnails etc.).

php1-file-extension
php1-file-description PHP1 auto data
php1-file-description A php1 file extension is related to the Hypertext PreProcessor (PHP), a scripting language. A php1 file contains auto data.

php2-file-extension
php2-file-description PHP version 2 script (HyperText PreProcessor)
php2-file-description PHP version 2 script. Older version of PHP engine.

php3-file-extension
php3-file-description PHP version 3 script
php3-file-description A php3 file extension is related to the PHP a scripting language for web development. A php3 file stores source code written in PHP version 3.

php4-file-extension
php4-file-description HTML page with PHP (HyperText PreProcessor)
php4-file-description A php4 file extension is associated with the HTML page with PHP (HyperText PreProcessor) format.

php5-file-extension
php5-file-description PHP script version 5 (HyperText PreProcessor)
php5-file-description Files with php5 extension are used by PHP script version 5. They are used as source code data files.

php6-file-extension
php6-file-description Microsoft Expression Web php script
php6-file-description The php6 file extension is used by Microsoft Expression Web for PHP script files.

phpeditproject-file-extension
phpeditproject-file-description PHPEdit project
phpeditproject-file-description A phpeditproject file extension is related to the PHPEdit, development tool for PHP language. A phpeditproject file stores project.

phpeditsolution-file-extension
phpeditsolution-file-description PHPEdit project solution data
phpeditsolution-file-description A phpeditsolution file extension is related to the PHPEdit development tool for Windows. A .phpeditsolution file contains project solution data.

phpproj-file-extension
phpproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio PHP project
phpproj-file-description A phpproj file extension is related to Microsoft Visual Studio. A phpproj file stores PHP project.

phps-file-extension
phps-file-description PHP script source code file
phps-file-description Files with phps extension are used for PHP. It contains written data code.

phpsa-file-extension
phpsa-file-description Unknown file extension
phpsa-file-description Files with phpsa file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

phpt-file-extension
phpt-file-description PHP test suite file
phpt-file-description Files with phpt extension are used by PHP Engine as a data storing file format.

phpw-file-extension
phpw-file-description WinBinder data
phpw-file-description A phpw file extension is related to the WinBinder development tool for Windows.

phr-file-extension
phr-file-description Adobe RoboHelp phrase
phr-file-description Files with phr file extension can be usually encountered as phrase files from Adobe Robohelp help files authoring app.

phred-file-extension
phred-file-description Phred data
phred-file-description A phred file extension is related to the Phred application for various platforms. A phred file contains data.

phs-file-extension
phs-file-description PHScript data
phs-file-description Files with phs file extension can mainly be found as scripts from Portuguase PH Informatica program.

pht-file-extension
pht-file-description Partial Hypertext
pht-file-description A pht file extension is related to the Partial Hypertext file format.

phtm-file-extension
phtm-file-description PHP Web page
phtm-file-description A phtm file extension is associated with the the PHP Web page document.

phtml-file-extension
phtml-file-description PHP Web page
phtml-file-description A phtml file extension is related to the PHP (Hypertext Preprocessor) server side scripting language and used for HTML page with PHP scripts.

phv-file-extension
phv-file-description Husqvarna Viking data
phv-file-description Files with phv file extension are data files from Husqvarna Viking 3D Embroidery System. Internal data files.

phw-file-extension
phw-file-description PhotoWebber session data
phw-file-description Files with phw file suffix are related to the PhotoWebber session data format.

phx-file-extension
phx-file-description Mantid workspace geometry information data
phx-file-description A phx file extension is associated with the Mantid, a computing program for various platforms. A phx file stores workspace geometry information data.

phy-file-extension
phy-file-description Spicemod asic data
phy-file-description Files with phy file extension are related to the Spicemod asic data format.

phya-file-extension
phya-file-description Marathon 2 Aleph One physics file
phya-file-description Detailed description

phz-file-extension
phz-file-description Phun compressed phunlet data
phz-file-description Files with phz file extension can be found as part of Phun / Algodoo 2D simulation software. Compressed phunlet format.

pi-file-extension
pi-file-description Bitmap image
pi-file-description Most files with pi file extension are images in one of the older bitmap formats. Not very common.

pi%24-file-extension
pi%24-file-description Microsoft compressed PIF program information
pi%24-file-description A pi$ file extension is related to compressed PIF files used by earlier versions of Microsoft Windows.

pi1-file-extension
pi1-file-description Atari Degas bitmap image
pi1-file-description A pi1 file extension is associated with the Atari Degas bitmap image format. Obsolete program.

pi2-file-extension
pi2-file-description Portrait Innovations high resolution image
pi2-file-description Files with pi2 extension are in most cases images. Often high resolution encrypted image file format created by Portrait Innovations, but might also be old Atari Design pictures.

pi3-file-extension
pi3-file-description Atari Degas image
pi3-file-description Detailed description

pi4-file-extension
pi4-file-description Fuckpaint picture image
pi4-file-description A pi4 file suffix is related to the Fuckpaint image format from Atari Falcon computers.

pi5-file-extension
pi5-file-description Atari Degas image
pi5-file-description A pi5 file extension is related to the Atari Degas a bitmap editor. A pi5 file contains picture image.

pi6-file-extension
pi6-file-description Atari Degas image file
pi6-file-description Detailed description

pi9-file-extension
pi9-file-description Fuckpaint picture mage
pi9-file-description A pi9 file extension is associated with the Fuckpaint software for Atari Falcon030 computer.

pia-file-extension
pia-file-description PanaVue ImageAssembler project
pia-file-description Files with pia file extension can be found as some kind of data or graphics files from the PanaVue ImageAssembler program.

pib-file-extension
pib-file-description Platform independent binary data
pib-file-description A pib file extension is related to the Platform independent binary file format.

picio-file-extension
picio-file-description PIXAR picture file
picio-file-description Detailed description

pickle-file-extension
pickle-file-description Python Pickle data
pickle-file-description Files with pickle file suffix are related to the Python Pickle data format.

picnc-file-extension
picnc-file-description Houdini 3D compositing image
picnc-file-description A picnc file extension is related to the Houdini, a 3D animation program. A picnc file stores 3D compositing image.

picon-file-extension
picon-file-description Personal icon file
picon-file-description Files with picon suffix can commonly be found as small graphic icons called picons. Used in many devices to personalize various icons.

pics-file-extension
pics-file-description Apple Mac PICT drawing sequence file
pics-file-description Files with pics extension are graphics file formats used by Apple Macintosh OS. They can be opened by some programs.

pict-file-extension
pict-file-description Bitmap graphics file format
pict-file-description Files with pict suffix can be mainly be found as old pictures, from old versions of the Mac operating systems.

pict1-file-extension
pict1-file-description Apple QuickDraw picture file
pict1-file-description Detailed description

pict2-file-extension
pict2-file-description Apple Macintosh QuickDraw/PICT bitmap graphics format
pict2-file-description A pict2 file extension is related to the PICT bitmap graphics format used by Apple Macintosh QuickDraw.

pictclipping-file-extension
pictclipping-file-description Picture Clipping data file
pictclipping-file-description Files with the pictclipping file extension can be mainly found special images generated using Apple Finder.

pictor-file-extension
pictor-file-description PCPaint image
pictor-file-description A pictor file extension is related to the PCPaint program. A .pictor file contains picture image.

pid-file-extension
pid-file-description Unix process ID
pid-file-description Files with pid file extension can be often found as some kind of process ID  files for apps on Unix and Linux operating systems.

pidb-file-extension
pidb-file-description MonoDevelop parser information database
pidb-file-description A pidb file extension is related to the MonoDevelop, a development environment and used for its parser information databases.

pie-file-extension
pie-file-description Glove programmable input emulator data
pie-file-description Files with pie extension can be most often found as special files from the Glove programmable emulator.

piece_part-file-extension
piece_part-file-description PiecePart file
piece_part-file-description Files with piece_part extension are used by some installation software developed for Microsoft Windows.

pif-file-extension
pif-file-description Microsoft Windows program information
pif-file-description A pif file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A pif file contains Program Information with instructions for executing DOS programs.

pif_aq-file-extension
pif_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
pif_aq-file-description Files with pif_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

pig-file-extension
pig-file-description Game archive
pig-file-description Files with pig file extension can be mainly found as graphic game data files from various computer games.

pigm-file-extension
pigm-file-description Indigo Renderer compressed material file
pigm-file-description Files with pigm extension are used by the Indigo Renderer software.

pigs-file-extension
pigs-file-description Indigo Renderer compressed scene
pigs-file-description A pigs file extension is related to the Indigo Renderer, an application for simulation physics of light. A pigs file stores compressed scene.

pih-file-extension
pih-file-description Karrigell Python HTML document
pih-file-description A pih file extension is related to the Karrigell Python web framework. A pih file stores HTML document with Python source code.

pik-file-extension
pik-file-description Protel 99 PIK data
pik-file-description Files with pik file extension are mainly related to old program called Protel 99. Most likely obsolete format, or used by successor product called Altium Designer.

pika-file-extension
pika-file-description Pika Software Builder project
pika-file-description A pika file extension is related to the Pika Software Builder, an integrated development environment. A .pika file stores project.

pike-file-extension
pike-file-description Pike source code
pike-file-description A pike file extension is related to the Pike programming language and used for its source code files.

pil-file-extension
pil-file-description CMA Microdialysis trend data
pil-file-description A pil file extension is related to the LABpilot and ICUpilot apps. A pil file stores trend data.

pim-file-extension
pim-file-description PixMaker project file
pim-file-description Files with pim suffix can be found as projects from PixMaker program.

pima-file-extension
pima-file-description Adobe Application Manager update package
pima-file-description Files with pima extension might be found as update packages from Adobe Application Manager.

pimx-file-extension
pimx-file-description Adobe Extension Manager data
pimx-file-description A pimx file extension is related to applications distributed with Adobe Creative Cloud suite. A pimx file stores data for CC apps extensions.

pin-file-extension
pin-file-description ArchiCAD data
pin-file-description A pin file extension is related to the ArchiCAD, a CAD tool for Microsoft Windows. A pin file stores some sort of 3D graphics.

pins-file-extension
pins-file-description Protégé instance
pins-file-description Files with pins file extension are related to the Protégé instances.

pinstall-file-extension
pinstall-file-description Google Picasa data
pinstall-file-description A pinstall file extension is used by Google Picasa software, probably for some installation purposes.

pio-file-extension
pio-file-description Pro Tools I/O settings
pio-file-description A pio file extension is related to the Pro Tools software and used for its settings files.

pip-file-extension
pip-file-description Compressed bitmap picture
pip-file-description Files with pip extension are occasionally found as compressed bitmap pictures in JPG format. Most likely just renamed by some program.

pipd-file-extension
pipd-file-description PIPE-FLO piping system design file for the Demo only
pipd-file-description Files with pipd file extension might be found as a demo projects from PIPE-FLO piping systems design and visualization software.

pipe-file-extension
pipe-file-description PIPE-FLO Professional piping system project design file
pipe-file-description Files with pipe extension are used by the PIPE-FLO Professional program. They include some project data.

pipl-file-extension
pipl-file-description Adobe Photoshop SDK samplecode colorpicker
pipl-file-description A pipl file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop version 5. A pipl file contains SDK samplecode colorpicker.

piq-file-extension
piq-file-description Piped technology information query
piq-file-description A piq file extension is related to the Piped technology information query file format.

piqt-file-extension
piqt-file-description Apple QuickTime still data
piqt-file-description A piqt file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime and used for its still files.

pir-file-extension
pir-file-description Nucleotide sequence
pir-file-description A pir file extension is related to the nucleotide sequence file format.

pirates_savegame-file-extension
pirates_savegame-file-description Sid Meier's Pirates! saved game
pirates_savegame-file-description The .pirates_savegame file extension is related to the Sid Meier's Pirates! computer game.

pis-file-extension
pis-file-description PS2DIS project
pis-file-description A pis file extension is related to the PS2DIS program. A pis file stores project.

piskel-file-extension
piskel-file-description Piskel sprite
piskel-file-description Files with piskel extension can be most often found as graphics sprites created using the Piskel tool for spriting and pixel art.

pit-file-extension
pit-file-description Samsung firmware image
pit-file-description Files with pit file extension can mostly be found as firmware files on some Samsung Android-based smart phones.

piv-file-extension
piv-file-description Pivot Stickfigure Animator animation file
piv-file-description Files with piv extension can be most notably found as animation files from Pivot Stickfigure Animator.

pivotlink-file-extension
pivotlink-file-description Microsoft Pivot link to CMXL data
pivotlink-file-description A pivotlink file extension is related to the Microsoft Pivot. A pivotlink file contains link to CMXL file.

piw-file-extension
piw-file-description PI ProcessBook display definition data
piw-file-description A piw file extension is associated with the PI ProcessBook and used for its display definition data.

pix-file-extension
pix-file-description Bitmap image
pix-file-description Files with pix extension can be most often encountered as various pictures. Most of them can be viewed in XnView viewer.

pixadex-file-extension
pixadex-file-description CandyBar pixadex icon file
pixadex-file-description Detailed description

pixar-file-extension
pixar-file-description PIXAR image
pixar-file-description Files with pixar file extension are special images from Pixar workstations Rare format.

pixate-file-extension
pixate-file-description Pixate Studio project
pixate-file-description A pixate file extension is related to the Pixate Studio and used for its project files.

pixelpaint-file-extension
pixelpaint-file-description PixelPaint Professional image file
pixelpaint-file-description The pixelpaint file extension was related to PixelPaint - an application used on Macintosh computers.

pixexp-file-extension
pixexp-file-description Microsoft PIX experiment document
pixexp-file-description A .pixexp file extension is related to the Microsoft PIX experiment documents.

pixrun-file-extension
pixrun-file-description Performance Investigator for Xbox data
pixrun-file-description A pixrun file extension is related to the Performance Investigator for Xbox.

piz-file-extension
piz-file-description Renamed zip archive
piz-file-description Files with piz extension are compressed archives in ZIP compression file format.

pi%5B1-6%5D-file-extension
pi%5B1-6%5D-file-description Degas Elite image format
pi%5B1-6%5D-file-description A pi[1-6] file extension is related to the Degas Elite, picture image editor. A pi[1-6] file stores picture image.

pi_-file-extension
pi_-file-description Unknown file extension
pi_-file-description Files with pi_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

pj-file-extension
pj-file-description Project64 game progress
pj-file-description A pj file extension is related to the Project64, a Nintendo 64 emulator for Windows. A pj file contains saved game progress.

pj1-file-extension
pj1-file-description Project64 saved game
pj1-file-description Files with pj1 file suffix are related to the Project64 emulator of Nintendo 64 video gaming console.

pj2-file-extension
pj2-file-description xPlan document
pj2-file-description A pj2 file extension is related to xPlan and used for its document files.

pj4-file-extension
pj4-file-description Electric Quilt file
pj4-file-description Files with pj4 extension are related to the Electric Quilt application as one of it's default formats.

pj5-file-extension
pj5-file-description Davka Writer Hebrew document
pj5-file-description A pj5 file extension is associated with the Davka Writer and used for its document files.

pjb-file-extension
pjb-file-description IBM InfoSphere Information Server Manager data
pjb-file-description A pjb file extension is related to the  IBM InfoSphere Information Server Manager.

pjc-file-extension
pjc-file-description Master Genealogist data
pjc-file-description A pjc file extension is related to the Master Genealogist, a family history software.

pjd-file-extension
pjd-file-description Portfolio exported categories data
pjd-file-description A pjd file extension is related to the Portfolio software and used for its exported categories files.

pjf-file-extension
pjf-file-description iAddress postal job
pjf-file-description A pjf file extension is related to the iAddress postal job file format.

pjg-file-extension
pjg-file-description packJPG lossless JPEG compression data
pjg-file-description Files with pjg file extension can be found as compressed JPEG images using the packJPG program.

pjl-file-extension
pjl-file-description ProCite term lists and journal title lists
pjl-file-description A pjl file extension is related to the ProCite term lists and journal title lists format.

pjm-file-extension
pjm-file-description xPlan project model
pjm-file-description A pjm file extension is related to the xPlan, a project management app and used for its project model files.

pjpeg-file-extension
pjpeg-file-description JPEG image
pjpeg-file-description Files with pjpeg extension can be found as progressive JPEG images. Used in old web browsers.

pjpg-file-extension
pjpg-file-description Microsoft Rights Management protected JPG image
pjpg-file-description A pjpg file extension is related to the JPG picture image files protected by Microsoft Rights Management (RMS).

pjr-file-extension
pjr-file-description DVDx project
pjr-file-description Files with pjr file extension might be found as projects from DVDx software.

pjs-file-extension
pjs-file-description Phoenix Japanimation Society subtitle
pjs-file-description Files with pjs foile extension can be found as Phoenix Japanimation Society movie subtitles.

pjt-file-extension
pjt-file-description Project (Rational Rose/Visual C++)
pjt-file-description Files with pjt file extension can be typically found as saved projects from Visual C++ or Rational Rose development environments and used for their project files.

pjtf-file-extension
pjtf-file-description Portable Job Ticket Format
pjtf-file-description Files with pjtf file extension may be found as old page layout files generated in he  Portable Job Ticket Format. Something like a predecessor of PDF.

pjunoxl-file-extension
pjunoxl-file-description TAL-U-NO-LX audio preset
pjunoxl-file-description A pjunoxl file extension is related to the TAL-U-NO-LX, an audio synthesizer for Mac and Windows. A pjunoxl file contains audio preset.

pjx-file-extension
pjx-file-description Visual FoxPro project
pjx-file-description A pjx file extension is related to the Visual FoxPro and used for its project files.

pjxl-file-extension
pjxl-file-description HP PaintJet XL PCL graphics file
pjxl-file-description Detailed description

pk-file-extension
pk-file-description LaTeX compressed font
pk-file-description Files with pk extension are mainly associated with the LaTeX a document preparation system. A .pk file stores compressed LaTeX font.

pk1-file-extension
pk1-file-description XS game data
pk1-file-description Files with pk1 file extension can be found as data archives from old XS computer game.

pk2-file-extension
pk2-file-description Silkroad online game data
pk2-file-description Files with pk2 file extension can be found as game data files from Silkroad MMORPG computer game.

pk3-file-extension
pk3-file-description id Tech 3 engine resource file
pk3-file-description Files with pk3 suffix can be commonly found in games based on id Tech 3 game engine, such as Medal of Honor or Return to Castle Wolfenstein.

pk4-file-extension
pk4-file-description id Tech 4 engine resource file
pk4-file-description Files with pk4 file extension can mainly be found as game data archives from games based on id Tech 4 game engine, such as Doom 3.

pk5-file-extension
pk5-file-description Enemy Territory Quake Wars 23rd Century Warfare game data
pk5-file-description A pk5 file extension is related to the Enemy Territory Quake Wars 23rd Century Warfare computer game.

pk6-file-extension
pk6-file-description Generation 6 Pokémon saved game
pk6-file-description A pk6 file extension is associated with the Generation 6 Pokémon saved game files.

pk7-file-extension
pk7-file-description ZDoom 7-zip game archive
pk7-file-description A pk7 file extension is related to the ZDoom, a port of the DOOM source code for Windows. A pk7 file contains game data.

pka-file-extension
pka-file-description PKArc compressed file archive
pka-file-description Files with pka extension can be mainly found as archives, created using the PKarc compression utility used in 1980s. Somewhat obsolete file format.

pkb-file-extension
pkb-file-description Oracle PL/SQL package body data
pkb-file-description A pkb file extension is related to the Oracle PL/SQL for Oracle Database and used for its script files.

pkc-file-extension
pkc-file-description Jython JAR cache
pkc-file-description A pkc file extension is related to the Jython and used for its JAR cache files.

pkcs12-file-extension
pkcs12-file-description Personal information exchange data
pkcs12-file-description A pkcs12 file extension is associated with the personal information exchange data format.

pkd-file-extension
pkd-file-description Turbo Pascal for DOS compressed batch data
pkd-file-description A pkd file extension is related to Turbo Pascal, an integrated development environment used to develop programs for MS-DOS.

pke-file-extension
pke-file-description Public key
pke-file-description Files with pke file extension might be found as public keys and certificates.

pkey-file-extension
pkey-file-description PowerKey encrypted data
pkey-file-description A .pkey file extension is related to the PowerKey data encryption app for Windows. A pkey file contains encrypted data.

pkf-file-extension
pkf-file-description Adobe Audition peak data file
pkf-file-description Files with pkf file extension can be found as waveform (peak) information files from Adobe Audition (formerly Cool Edit Pro) audio workstation for Mac and Windows.

pkgdef-file-extension
pkgdef-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Shell data
pkgdef-file-description A pkgdef file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its shell files.

pkgmeta-file-extension
pkgmeta-file-description Bukkit information data
pkgmeta-file-description A pkgmeta file extension is related to the Bukkit and used for its information files.

pkgundef-file-extension
pkgundef-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Shell data
pkgundef-file-description A pkgundef file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment and used for its shell files.

pkgx-file-extension
pkgx-file-description Configuration Manager prestage content file
pkgx-file-description Files with pkgx file extension are prestage packages which were generated by the Microsoft System Center's Configuration Manager.

pkg_-file-extension
pkg_-file-description Apple Newton package
pkg_-file-description A pkg_ file extension is associated with the Apple Newton and other devices that use Newton OS. A pkg_ file contains data package.

pkh-file-extension
pkh-file-description Oracle PL/SQL package file
pkh-file-description Files with pkh extension are used by the Oracle programs. They contain someSQL commands.

pki-file-extension
pki-file-description Entrust public key infrastructure file format
pki-file-description Files with pki extension might be found as part of Etrust security solutions.

pkinfo-file-extension
pkinfo-file-description ArcGIS package info data
pkinfo-file-description Files with pkinfo file extension can be usually found as info files for packages from ArcGIS software.

pkinstallsandboxmanager-file-extension
pkinstallsandboxmanager-file-description Apple macOS (OS X) data
pkinstallsandboxmanager-file-description Files with pkinstallsandboxmanager extension stores data used for update OS X. It's actually a directory create for temporary data purposes.

pkk-file-extension
pkk-file-description PuTTYgen private key
pkk-file-description A pkk file extension is related to the PuTTYgen and used for its private key files.

pkl-file-extension
pkl-file-description Microsoft Exchange migration wizard packing list
pkl-file-description Files with pkl extension are mainly related to the Microsoft Exchange 2000 and used for its migration wizard packing files.

pklg-file-extension
pklg-file-description Wireshark captured data
pklg-file-description A pklg file extension is related to the Wireshark, a network analyzing software. A pklg file stores captured data.

pkm-file-extension
pkm-file-description Pokemon saved game data file
pkm-file-description Files with pkm extension are used for video games for Nintendo DS double hand-held console. They contain saved data files.

pkmdl-file-extension
pkmdl-file-description Painkiller Overdose game file
pkmdl-file-description The .pkmdl file extension is related to the video game called Painkiller Overdose. The PKMDL file contains various game data.

pkmw-file-extension
pkmw-file-description PigeonPak file
pkmw-file-description Files with pkmw suffix are typically related to the PigeonPak mod installer for WoWp by James T. Ryan AKA [SF] Pigeon Kicker.

pkn-file-extension
pkn-file-description Microsoft SMS package creation notification data
pkn-file-description A pkn file extension is related to the Microsoft Systems Management Server package creation notification files.

pko-file-extension
pko-file-description Public Key Infrastructure security object
pko-file-description A pko file extension is related to the Public Key Infrastructure security object formats.

pkp-file-extension
pkp-file-description Privacy Killer Plug-in Manager data
pkp-file-description A pkp file extension is related to the Privacy Killer, a privacy protection program. A pkp file contains

pkpack-file-extension
pkpack-file-description Compressed archive
pkpack-file-description Files with pkpack file extension can be found as old compressed archives.

pkr-file-extension
pkr-file-description Pretty Good Privacy public keyring
pkr-file-description A pkr file extension is related to the Pretty Good Privacy data encryption application.

pks-file-extension
pks-file-description Oracle PL/SQL package specification data
pks-file-description Files with pks file extension can mostly be found as package specification files for Oracle PL/SQL technology.

pkt-file-extension
pkt-file-description TeX font
pkt-file-description Files with pkt extension can be found as fonts for TeX/LaTeX typesetting and page layout design formats.

pku-file-extension
pku-file-description FidoNet batched newsgroup data
pku-file-description A pku file extension is related to the FidoNet batched newsgroup data format.

pkw-file-extension
pkw-file-description Cabnetware data
pkw-file-description A pkw file extension is related to the Cabnetware and used for its data files.

pkx-file-extension
pkx-file-description Rational XDE data
pkx-file-description A pkx file extension is related to the Rational Rose XDE development tool for Windows, Mac and Linux.

pky-file-extension
pky-file-description PockeTTY security certificate
pky-file-description A pky file extension is related to the PockeTTY security certificate format.

pkz-file-extension
pkz-file-description Kart Racing Pro track data
pkz-file-description Files with pkz suffix can be found as game files with track data for Kart Racing Pro karting simulation software.

pl-file-extension
pl-file-description Perl script language source code
pl-file-description Files with pl extension can be found source codes or scripts written in Perl script programming language.

pl0-file-extension
pl0-file-description 3D Home Architect foundation floor plan
pl0-file-description A pl0 file extension is related to the 3D Home Architect. A pl0 file stores foundation floor plan.

pl1-file-extension
pl1-file-description 3D Home Architect room plan
pl1-file-description Files with pl1 extension are related to the 3D Home Architect from Brøderbund Software and contain stored room plan, created with this tool.

pl2-file-extension
pl2-file-description 3D Home Architect second level floor plan
pl2-file-description A pl2 file extension is related to the 3D Home Architect from Broderbund Software. A pl2 file contains second level floor plan data.

pl3-file-extension
pl3-file-description Harvard chart palette
pl3-file-description A pl3 file extension is related to Harvard chart palette used by Harvard Graphics' programs.

pl4-file-extension
pl4-file-description Micrografx Designer graphic palette
pl4-file-description A pl4 file extension is related to the Micrografx Designer and used for its graphics palette.

pl5-file-extension
pl5-file-description Graph Saurus bitmap image
pl5-file-description Files with pl5 file extension are related to the Graph Saurus bitmap image format.

pl6-file-extension
pl6-file-description Perl script language source code
pl6-file-description Files with pl6 file suffix are related to the Perl script language source codes.

pl7-file-extension
pl7-file-description PL7-07 application file
pl7-file-description Files with pl7 extension are used by PLZ-07 programming software. They include source code data.

pl9-file-extension
pl9-file-description pcAnywhere log
pl9-file-description The pl9 file extension is related to the pcAnywhere software from Symantec.

pla-file-extension
pla-file-description ArchiCAD project archive
pla-file-description Files with pla extension may be found as projects created and saved in the ArchiCAD architecture drawing program.

plac-file-extension
plac-file-description plac script
plac-file-description A plac file extension is related to scripts created with plac tool.

plan-file-extension
plan-file-description Chief Architect plan
plan-file-description Files with plan extension are designs saved in Chief Architect program. The program is used for architectural home design.

plantsvszombiessavedgame-file-extension
plantsvszombiessavedgame-file-description Plants vs. Zombies saved game
plantsvszombiessavedgame-file-description A plantsvszombiessavedgame file extension is related to the Plants vs. Zombies saved game files.

plantuml-file-extension
plantuml-file-description PlantUML data
plantuml-file-description A plantuml file extension is related to the PlantUML diagramming tool. A plantuml file contains some kind of data.

player-file-extension
player-file-description 2D Fighter Maker 2nd player data
player-file-description Files with player extension can be found as 2nd player data files from 2D Fighter Maker computer game.

playground-file-extension
playground-file-description Apple Xcode playground data
playground-file-description A playground file extension is related to the Apple Xcode and used for its playground files.

playlist-file-extension
playlist-file-description PowerDVD PlayList
playlist-file-description Files with playlist file extension are playlists from CyberLink PowerDVD program.

playmission-file-extension
playmission-file-description MissionPlayer game data
playmission-file-description A .playmission file extension is related to the Immersive Education MissionPlayer and used for its game data.

playset-file-extension
playset-file-description Souptoys playset data
playset-file-description A playset file extension is related to the Souptoys playset data format.

plb-file-extension
plb-file-description FoxPro library
plb-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe PLB file extension!

plc-file-extension
plc-file-description Mobius Management Systems file format
plc-file-description Files with plc fil extension are also related to the Mobius Management Systems file format.

pld-file-extension
pld-file-description Oracle binary module text form
pld-file-description A pld file extension is related to Oracle Database a relational database management system. A pld file stores text form of binary module.

ple-file-extension
ple-file-description Messenger Plus! Live encrypted log
ple-file-description A ple file extension is related to the Messenger Plus! Live and used for its encrypted log files.

plexapp-file-extension
plexapp-file-description Plex plugin package
plexapp-file-description A plexapp file extension is related to the Plex Media Theater, Plex Media Center and Plex Server multimedia center applications for various platforms. A plexapp file stores plugin.

plf-file-extension
plf-file-description InterVideo WinDVD playlist
plf-file-description Files with plf file extension may be found as playlists from InterVideo WinDVD (now Corel WinDVD) media player.

plg-file-extension
plg-file-description Microsoft Developer Studio build log
plg-file-description Files with plg suffix may be usually found as as logs generated from from Microsoft Visual Studio for build reporting and troubleshooting purpose.

plgx-file-extension
plgx-file-description KeePass optional plugin format
plgx-file-description Files with plgx file extension can be found as plugins for KeePass 2.09 and later.

plh-file-extension
plh-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro presets file
plh-file-description Files with plh extension are used by Corel Paint Shop Pro program. They include some preset data.

pli-file-extension
pli-file-description PL/I program source code
pli-file-description A pli file extension is mainly used for files written by PL/I programming language.

plib-file-extension
plib-file-description SAM dirichlet mixture prior library
plib-file-description A plib file extension is related to the SAM Dirichlet mixture prior library file format associated with the Sequence Alignment and Modeling system.

plj-file-extension
plj-file-description Plus 2D job
plj-file-description A plj file extension is associated with the Plus 2D and used for its job files.

plk-file-extension
plk-file-description COREX part-of-speech tag
plk-file-description A plk file extension is associated with the COREX and used for its part-of-speech tag files.

pll-file-extension
pll-file-description CA Clipper 5 prelinked library
pll-file-description Files with pll file extension are associated with CA Clipper programming language. Files include pre-linked data library.

plm-file-extension
plm-file-description DisorderTracker2 module
plm-file-description A plm file extension is related to the DisorderTracker2 audio composing software.

plmn-file-extension
plmn-file-description SIM Explorer public land mobile network data
plmn-file-description A plmn file extension is related to the SIM Explorer a SIM card forensic software. A plmn file stores public land mobile network data.

plmx-file-extension
plmx-file-description PDXpert data
plmx-file-description A plmx file extension is related to the PDXpert software from Active Sensing.

plmxml-file-extension
plmxml-file-description PLM XML UGS data
plmxml-file-description Files with plmxml file extension can be found as product data files meant for high content transfer over the Internet. Based on W3C XML schemas.

pln-file-extension
pln-file-description ArchiCAD solo project
pln-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe PLN file extension!

plo-file-extension
plo-file-description HP Graphics Language plotter document
plo-file-description Files with plo extension can be found as vector plotter files in Hewlett-Packard Graphics Language. Used in plotter devices by HP.

plog-file-extension
plog-file-description PLog programming language source code
plog-file-description Files with plog file extension can be in most cases found as source codes or scripts written using the PLog programming language.

plot-file-extension
plot-file-description Vector graphics
plot-file-description A plot file extension is related to the UNIX Plot File Format used for plotters.

plp-file-extension
plp-file-description Sandisk Sansa playlist
plp-file-description The plp file extension is related to the Sandisk Sansa playlist files.

plproj-file-extension
plproj-file-description Adobe Prelude project
plproj-file-description Files with plproj file extension can be found as projects from Adobe Prelude video production program.

plq-file-extension
plq-file-description TAK 2000 heat rate plot data
plq-file-description Files with plq file extension are generated by the TAK 2000 program during a transient solution.

plr-file-extension
plr-file-description Game player info
plr-file-description A plr file extension is associated with some computer games like Descent 2, rFactor etc. A plr file contains some information about player.

plre-file-extension
plre-file-description Coconut Queen game data
plre-file-description A plre file extension is related to the Coconut Queen video game. A plre file stores game data.

plsc-file-extension
plsc-file-description Live Messenger script pack
plsc-file-description A plsc file extension is mainly related to Microsoft Messenger Plus! Live add-in for Microsoft Messenger. These .plsc file stores script pack.

plsk-file-extension
plsk-file-description Microsoft Windows Live Messenger skin pack
plsk-file-description Files with plsk file extension are skin packs for Microsoft Windows Live Messenger program. Used to customize the look of the program.

plst-file-extension
plst-file-description SmartMusic playlist
plst-file-description A plst file extension is related to the SmartMusic playlist files.

plsx-file-extension
plsx-file-description Xtreamer Internet radio playlist
plsx-file-description A plsx file extension is related to the Xtreamer Internet radio playlist file format.

plt-file-extension
plt-file-description HP Graphics Language plotter document
plt-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe PLT file extension!

plt0-file-extension
plt0-file-description Nintendo Wii color palette
plt0-file-description A plt0 file extension is related to the color palette files used by the Nintendo Wii video games.

pltcfg-file-extension
pltcfg-file-description MicroStation printer driver configuration file
pltcfg-file-description Files with pltcfg extension are used for Bentley MicroStation which is often used by engineers, GIS professionals, architects etc. They content set of properties how the driver works in a simple text file.

pltn-file-extension
pltn-file-description Appearance Manager platinum file
pltn-file-description Detailed description

pltx-file-extension
pltx-file-description Cadworx Live design
pltx-file-description A pltx file extension is related to the Cadworx Live program. A pltx file contains design.

plu-file-extension
plu-file-description Portable License Utility data
plu-file-description Files with plu file extension are used by Portable License Utility from Autodesk.

plu250-file-extension
plu250-file-description Portable License Utility
plu250-file-description Files with plu250 file extension are used by Portable License Utility from Autodesk.

plug-file-extension
plug-file-description Plug-in
plug-file-description Files with plug file extension can be found as plug-ins, especially used in older programs.

plv-file-extension
plv-file-description Digital Foto Maker data
plv-file-description A plv file extension is related to the Digital Foto Maker digital photo editing tool.

plw-file-extension
plw-file-description PicoLog data
plw-file-description A plw file extension is related to the PicoLog, a data acquisition solution and used for its data files.

plx-file-extension
plx-file-description PERL programming language script
plx-file-description A plx file extension is related to the PERL programming language. A plx file contains script written in PERL.

plx64-file-extension
plx64-file-description Interactive Disassembler plugin file
plx64-file-description The PLX64 file extension is related to The Interactive Disassembler tool. The *.plx64 file stores plugin.

ply-file-extension
ply-file-description Polygon graphics
ply-file-description Files with ply file extension can be found as various polygon  3D data files generated by many 3D modeling or CAD programs.

plz-file-extension
plz-file-description Lotus Freelance presentation
plz-file-description A plz file extension is related to the Lotus Freelance an information and graphics presentation software.

pl_-file-extension
pl_-file-description Unknown file extension
pl_-file-description Files with pl_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

pm-file-extension
pm-file-description Perl Code script module
pm-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe PM file extension!

pm%21-file-extension
pm%21-file-description Pegasus Mail address book data
pm%21-file-description Files with pm! file extension are reported to be found in use with Pegasus Mail.

pm%24-file-extension
pm%24-file-description Pegasus Mail temporary data
pm%24-file-description A pm$ file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail, an e-mail suite for various platforms. A pm$ file contains temporary data.

pm1-file-extension
pm1-file-description Pegasus Mail secondary address book index
pm1-file-description A pm1 file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail, an e-mail client for various operating systems. A pm1 file contains secondary address book index.

pm2-file-extension
pm2-file-description Pegasus Mail uid information
pm2-file-description A pm2 file extension is related to the uid information format used by Pegasus Mail program.

pm3-file-extension
pm3-file-description Adobe PageMaker 3 document
pm3-file-description A pm3 file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker software. A pm3 file contains document.

pm4-file-extension
pm4-file-description Adobe Pagemaker 4 document
pm4-file-description Files with pm4 file extension are related to the Adobe Pagemaker version 4 document format.

pm5-file-extension
pm5-file-description Adobe PageMaker 5 document
pm5-file-description Files with pm5 extension are first and foremost documents from version 5 of now discontinued Adobe PageMaker.

pm5f-file-extension
pm5f-file-description Adobe PageMaker for Mac file
pm5f-file-description Detailed description

pm6-file-extension
pm6-file-description Adobe PageMaker document
pm6-file-description Files with pm6 extension can be most often encountered as old documents prepared in Adobe PageMaker page layout software version 6.

pm7-file-extension
pm7-file-description Adobe PageMaker 7 document
pm7-file-description Files with pm7 extension are documents from Adobe PageMaker version 7.

pm%3F-file-extension
pm%3F-file-description PageMaker Document
pm%3F-file-description Files with pm? extension are used by Adobe PageMaker software. They are used as some sort of documents file format.

pma-file-extension
pma-file-description Microsoft Windows Performance Monitor data
pma-file-description Files with pma extension are related to the Microsoft Windows Performance Monitor data.

pmatrix-file-extension
pmatrix-file-description Priority Matrix project
pmatrix-file-description A pmatrix file extension is related to the Priority Matrix and used for its project files.

pmb-file-extension
pmb-file-description Polar Uplink Tool  bitmap
pmb-file-description Files with pmb extension might be found as bitmap images generated by Polar devices. Health data graphics.

pmbak-file-extension
pmbak-file-description PlanMaker backup
pmbak-file-description A pmbak file extension is associated with the PlanMaker, a spreadsheet editor. A pmbak file stores backup.

pmc-file-extension
pmc-file-description Windows Performance Monitor chart settings
pmc-file-description A pmc file extension is related to the Windows Performance Monitor and used for its chart settings.

pmcl-file-extension
pmcl-file-description Pinnacle channel data
pmcl-file-description A pmcl file extension is related to the applications for TV capturing developed by the Pinacle. A .pmcl file stores TV channels settings.

pmdh-file-extension
pmdh-file-description Pegasus Mail for Mac file
pmdh-file-description Detailed description

pmdx-file-extension
pmdx-file-description PlanMaker spreadsheet
pmdx-file-description A pmdx file extension is associated with the PlanMaker, a spreadsheet editor. A pmdx file stores spreadsheet.

pme-file-extension
pme-file-description Plazmic Media Engine data
pme-file-description Files with pme file extension are mainly related to Plazmic Media Engine files for Blackberry smartphones.

pmf-file-extension
pmf-file-description ESRI published map
pmf-file-description Files with pmf extension can mainly be used in GIS software sold by ESRI. These are publishing files MXD maps.

pmg-file-extension
pmg-file-description Paint Magic image
pmg-file-description Files with pmg extension can be found as pictures saved using Paint Magic program. It seems that the software was discontinued long ago.

pmi-file-extension
pmi-file-description Pegasus Mail message folder index
pmi-file-description A pmi file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail e-mail message service. A pmi file contains message folder index.

pmj-file-extension
pmj-file-description 3D Digital Scanner data format
pmj-file-description A pmj file extension is related to the 3D Digital Scanner data format.

pmjx-file-extension
pmjx-file-description 3D Digital Scanner data
pmjx-file-description A pmjx file extension is related to the 3D Digital Scanner data format.

pmk-file-extension
pmk-file-description Pegasus Mail keyboard settings
pmk-file-description A pmk file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail, an e-mail client for various platforms. A pmk file contains keyboard settings.

pml-file-extension
pml-file-description PADGen program information
pml-file-description A pml file extension is related to the PADGen, a tool and used for its program information files.

pmlz-file-extension
pmlz-file-description e-Book
pmlz-file-description A pmlz file extension is related to the e-book file format.

pmm-file-extension
pmm-file-description Pegasus Mail mail message folder
pmm-file-description Files with pmm file extension can be found as mail message folders from Pegasus Mail.

pmn-file-extension
pmn-file-description Pegasus Mail annotation file
pmn-file-description Files with pmn extension are used by Pegasus Mail as the annotation files.

pmo-file-extension
pmo-file-description Pegasus Mail saved message
pmo-file-description A pmo file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail saved message files.

pmod-file-extension
pmod-file-description Pike module
pmod-file-description A pmod file extension is related to the Pike programming language.

pmp-file-extension
pmp-file-description PHPMaker project
pmp-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe PMP file extension!

pmp2-file-extension
pmp2-file-description QvodPlayer data
pmp2-file-description A pmp2 file extension is related to the QvodPlayer (also known as Nora). A pmp2 file contains data.

pmpd-file-extension
pmpd-file-description Panasonic camcorder extra data
pmpd-file-description Files with pmpd file extension are usually found on data storage of Panasonic HD camcorders. These files contain extra capabilities such as thumbnail, face detection and etc.

pmppkg-file-extension
pmppkg-file-description Pegasus Mail preferences package file
pmppkg-file-description Detailed description

pmq-file-extension
pmq-file-description Windows Embedded Studio Target Analyzer information file
pmq-file-description Files with pmq extension are used by the Target Analyzer program.

pmr-file-extension
pmr-file-description Microsoft Windows Performance Monitor report
pmr-file-description A pmr file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Performance Monitor report files.

pms-file-extension
pms-file-description Pegasus Mail signature
pms-file-description Files with pms file extension are signatures used by Pegasus Mail e-mail client.

pmt-file-extension
pmt-file-description PhotoModeler Lite tutorial data
pmt-file-description Files with pmt file extension can be found as tutorials for the PhotoModeler Lite 3D modeling software.

pmu-file-extension
pmu-file-description Pegasus Mail keyboard macro
pmu-file-description A pmu file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail program. A pmu file contains keyboard macro.

pmv-file-extension
pmv-file-description PlanMaker spreadsheet template
pmv-file-description Files with pmv file extension can be found as spreadsheet templates made in the PlanMaker program, part of SoftMaker Office Suite.

pmvx-file-extension
pmvx-file-description PlanMaker spreadsheet template
pmvx-file-description A pmvx file extension is related to the PlanMaker, a spreadsheet editing software. A pmvx file stores spreadsheet template.

pmw-file-extension
pmw-file-description Pegasus Mail draft stored outgoing message
pmw-file-description Files with pmw file extension are used for Pegasus Mail. It replaces .msg extension to avoid conflicts with Trumpet Winsock messages.

pmx-file-extension
pmx-file-description Adobe PageMaker document
pmx-file-description Files with pmx extension can be often found as documents from long discontinued software Adobe PageMaker which has been replaced by Adobe InDesign.

pmz-file-extension
pmz-file-description Preclick Photo Movie Maker data
pmz-file-description A pmz file extension is related to the Preclick Photo Movie Maker software.

pmz4-file-extension
pmz4-file-description Power Music backup archive file
pmz4-file-description Detailed description

pm_-file-extension
pm_-file-description Unknown file extension
pm_-file-description Files with pm_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

pn-file-extension
pn-file-description Powernoodle data
pn-file-description A pn file extension is related to the Powernoodle, a collaboration service. A pn file stores data.

pn3-file-extension
pn3-file-description Harvard printer driver
pn3-file-description A pn3 file extension is related to the apps developed by Harvard Graphics.

pna-file-extension
pna-file-description TomTom Navigator PNA map info
pna-file-description A pna file extension is related to the TomTom Navigator a GPS navigation software for Windows Mobile, iPhone, Android and others. A pna file stores PNA map info data.

pnach-file-extension
pnach-file-description PCSX2 cheat
pnach-file-description Files with pnach file extension are in most cases cheat files from PCSX2 emulator of Playstation 2.

pnagent-file-extension
pnagent-file-description Citrix Presentation Server data
pnagent-file-description Files with pnagent file extension could be found in older Citrix Presentation Server as one of the configuration files.

pnb-file-extension
pnb-file-description XWE data
pnb-file-description A pnb file extension is related to the XWE (eXtendable Wad Editor) and used for its data files.

pnc-file-extension
pnc-file-description IBM Voice Type languages scripts data
pnc-file-description Files with pnc file extension might also be found as part of IBM Voice Type application.

pnc1-file-extension
pnc1-file-description Norton Utilities data
pnc1-file-description A pnc1 file extension is related to the Norton Utilities for Mac. A pnc1 file contains data.

pnch-file-extension
pnch-file-description RealPlayer for Mac channel file
pnch-file-description Detailed description

pnd-file-extension
pnd-file-description DATAIR Pension System pending data
pnd-file-description A pnd file extension is associated with the DATAIR Pension System. A pnd file contains pending data.

pndd-file-extension
pndd-file-description Norton Disk Doctor data
pndd-file-description A pndd file extension is associated with the Norton Disk Doctor a disk repair tool for Windows and MS-DOS.

pnde-file-extension
pnde-file-description Norton Utilities data
pnde-file-description A pnde file extension is related to the Norton Utilities a set of Windows tools.

pne-file-extension
pne-file-description ArchiCAD 9 Education BIM data
pne-file-description Files with pne file extension can be usually found as BIM data files saved in the education version of ArchiCAD 9 building information modeling software.

pnf-file-extension
pnf-file-description Microsoft Windows precompiled setup information data
pnf-file-description Files with pnf extension are mainly used in Microsoft Windows operating system and used for its pre-compiled setup information.

pnfd-file-extension
pnfd-file-description Norton FileSaver data file
pnfd-file-description Detailed description

pnff-file-extension
pnff-file-description Norton FastFind data
pnff-file-description A pnff file extension is related to the Norton FastFind and used for its some kind of data.

pnfl-file-extension
pnfl-file-description Norton Floppier for Mac file
pnfl-file-description Detailed description

pnfv-file-extension
pnfv-file-description Norton FileSaver Volume file
pnfv-file-description Detailed description

pnfx-file-extension
pnfx-file-description Norton FileSaver file
pnfx-file-description Detailed description

png-large-file-extension
png-large-file-description TweetDeck png image
png-large-file-description Files with png-large extension are related to the PNG bitmap picture file format.

png24-file-extension
png24-file-description Portable Network Graphics
png24-file-description A png24 file extension is related to the Portable Network Graphics file format. A png24 file contains picture image.

png32-file-extension
png32-file-description Portable Network Graphics data
png32-file-description Files with png32 file extension are bitmap images in one of the alteration of PNG format. Opaque or transparent 32-bit RGBA.

png8-file-extension
png8-file-description 8bit Portable Network Graphics
png8-file-description Files with png8 extension are optimized PNG images.

pngt-file-extension
pngt-file-description Apple Macintosh paint image
pngt-file-description Files with pngt file extension might be found as very old bitmap images created in Apple Macintosh Paint program.

pngw-file-extension
pngw-file-description Blender GIS world data
pngw-file-description Files with pngw extension are commonly used for special geo-referenced graphics files (maps) in Blender GIS software.

pngwalk-file-extension
pngwalk-file-description Java data
pngwalk-file-description A pngwalk file extension is associated with the Java, a programming platform. A pngwalk file stores data.

pngx-file-extension
pngx-file-description Egis encrypted PNG picture image
pngx-file-description A pngx file extension is associated with the Egis data protection software. A pngx file contains encrypted bitmap image.

pnh-file-extension
pnh-file-description Project ROME plug-in archive
pnh-file-description A pnh file extension is related to the Project ROME and used for its plug-in archives.

pni-file-extension
pni-file-description Popnoggin image file
pni-file-description Files with pni extension are used by Pognoggin software.

pnk-file-extension
pnk-file-description Unknown file extension
pnk-file-description Files with pnk file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

pnl-file-extension
pnl-file-description TopSolid nesting module
pnl-file-description A pnl file extension is related to the TopSolid and used for its nesting modules.

pnm-file-extension
pnm-file-description Portable anymap bitmap graphic
pnm-file-description Files with the pnm file extension can be typically found as graphics formats in any of the portable anymap bitmap graphic format.

pnne-file-extension
pnne-file-description Norton Encrypt for Mac
pnne-file-description Detailed description

pnnu-file-extension
pnnu-file-description Norton Utilities file
pnnu-file-description Detailed description

pno-file-extension
pno-file-description Microsoft Windows 8 Piano song
pno-file-description Files with pno file suffix are related to the Microsoft Windows 8 Piano song format.

pnp-file-extension
pnp-file-description Pegasus Mail POP3 server side filter rule
pnp-file-description A pnp file extension is related to Pegasus Mail e-mail service. A pnp file stores POP3 e-mail filter rule.

pnproj-file-extension
pnproj-file-description Programmer's Notepad project file
pnproj-file-description Files with pnproj extension are used for the Programmer's Notepad application for Microsoft Windows. You can write source codes for many programming languages in thi application. They include project files.

pnpt-file-extension
pnpt-file-description Programmer's Notepad project template file
pnpt-file-description Detailed description

pnq-file-extension
pnq-file-description ICQ data
pnq-file-description A pnq file extension is related to the ICQ, an instant messaging client and used for its data files.

pnra-file-extension
pnra-file-description RealPlayer Filente Fippra file
pnra-file-description Detailed description

pnrf-file-extension
pnrf-file-description Perception Native Recording Format data
pnrf-file-description Files with pnrf file suffix are related to the Perception Native Recording Format.

pnrm-file-extension
pnrm-file-description RealPlayer for Mac file
pnrm-file-description Detailed description

pns-file-extension
pns-file-description Pegasus Mail formatted signature data
pns-file-description A pns file extension is related to the Pegasus Mail an e-mail solution for DOS and Windows. A pns file stores formatted signature.

pnsd-file-extension
pnsd-file-description Norton Speed Disk file
pnsd-file-description Detailed description

pvx-file-extension
pvx-file-description ParaView configuration XML file
pvx-file-description Files with pvx extension are used by the ParaView program. They include some configuration data.

pvz-file-extension
pvz-file-description ProductView packaged structure and drawing
pvz-file-description Files with pvz extension may be found as special  3D packages from ProductView (now known as Creo View Lite, Creo View ECAD).

pw-file-extension
pw-file-description Pointwise database
pw-file-description Files with pw suffix may be found as databases from Pointwise mesh and grid generation software.

pw2-file-extension
pw2-file-description Fanatec PWTS steering wheel file
pw2-file-description Files with pw2 extension are associated with Fanatec PWTS Steering wheels. They probably include some driver or settings data.

pw3-file-extension
pw3-file-description Pulse Player multimedia data
pw3-file-description Files with pw3 file extension are audio files based on Pulse technology. Playable with Pulse Player.

pw7-file-extension
pw7-file-description Plant Wizard 7 data
pw7-file-description A pw7 file extension is related to the Plant Wizard software. A pw7 file contains some kind of data.

pwa-file-extension
pwa-file-description Password Agent encrypted data
pwa-file-description A pwa file extension is associated with the Password Agent and used for its encrypted data.

pwb-file-extension
pwb-file-description Password Boss file
pwb-file-description A pwb file extension is related to the Password Boss, a passwords management tools.

pwbk-file-extension
pwbk-file-description Keygen database
pwbk-file-description Probably used by some Keygen apps.

pwc-file-extension
pwc-file-description PWC picture image
pwc-file-description A pwc file extension is related to the PWC picture image file format.

pwc7-file-extension
pwc7-file-description Unknown file extension
pwc7-file-description Files with pwc7 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

pwd-file-extension
pwd-file-description Microsoft Pocket Word document
pwd-file-description Files with pwd extension are in most cases documents created in Microsoft Pocket Word for Windows CE devices.

pwdef-file-extension
pwdef-file-description ArcGIS project file
pwdef-file-description The pwdef file extension is associated with the ArcGIS a GIS app for Windows. The pwdef file stores project.

pwds-file-extension
pwds-file-description dbEdit data
pwds-file-description A pwds file extension is related to the dbEdit software.

pwdump-file-extension
pwdump-file-description Microsoft Windows data
pwdump-file-description A pwdump file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows and used for its data files.

pwe-file-extension
pwe-file-description PriMus exchange document
pwe-file-description A pwe file extension is related to the PriMus and used for its exchange document files.

pwf-file-extension
pwf-file-description Half-Life: Counter Strike PODBot waypoint
pwf-file-description A pwf file extension is related to the Half-Life: Counter Strike PODBot waypoint format.

pwk-file-extension
pwk-file-description Password Keeper password database
pwk-file-description A pwk file extension is related to the Password Keeper and used for its databases.

pwl-file-extension
pwl-file-description Microsoft Windows password data
pwl-file-description A pwl file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows operating system. The .pwl file stores username and password. It is created after you logged to Windows.

pwl1-file-extension
pwl1-file-description SIMATIC WinCC data
pwl1-file-description A pwl1 file extension is related to the SIMATIC WinCC software.

pwm-file-extension
pwm-file-description Lenovo Power Management Utility output data
pwm-file-description Files with pwm suffix can be often found on Lenovo laptops. These files are part of the Lenovo Power Management Utility and used for some kind of output files.

pwn-file-extension
pwn-file-description Post-It Notes data
pwn-file-description Files with pwn file extension might mostly be found as part of Post-It Notes program.

pwo-file-extension
pwo-file-description Portable Website Object data
pwo-file-description Files with pwo file extension might be found as Portable Website Object files for PHP.

pworks-file-extension
pworks-file-description Printworks project
pworks-file-description A pworks file extension is associated with the Printworks program. A pworks file stores project.

pwp-file-extension
pwp-file-description Seattle FilmWorks / PhotoWorks image
pwp-file-description A pwp file extension is associated with the Seattle FilmWorks service. A pwp file stores picture image.

pwr-file-extension
pwr-file-description XPower power report data
pwr-file-description Files with pwr file suffix are related to the XPower power report data format.

pwre-file-extension
pwre-file-description PasswordTools data
pwre-file-description Files with pwre file extension can be found as part of PasswordToots program.

pwrep-file-extension
pwrep-file-description Password Repository data
pwrep-file-description A pwrep file extension is related to the Password Repository and used for its data files.

pws-file-extension
pws-file-description ProWorks start file
pws-file-description Files with pws extension are used for ProWorks business tool, they include many data used for internal purposes by the program.

pwt-file-extension
pwt-file-description AutoCAD Publish-to-Web template
pwt-file-description Files with pwt file extension are used by AutoCAD Publish-to-Web templates.

pwv-file-extension
pwv-file-description Secret Space Encryptor password vault archive
pwv-file-description A pwv file extension is commonly used by Secret Space Encryptor application for Google Android.

pww-file-extension
pww-file-description Patternland Weave Simulator file format
pww-file-description A pww file extension is related to the Patternland Weave Simulator file format.

pwx-file-extension
pwx-file-description PowerAgent exported workout data
pwx-file-description A pwx file extension is related to the PowerAgent, a program for Windows from TrainingPeaks. A pwx file stores workout data.

pwz-file-extension
pwz-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint wizard file
pwz-file-description Files with pwz extension are used for Microsoft PowerPoint application. They are used for its wizard files.

pwzip-file-extension
pwzip-file-description Polyworks compressed archive
pwzip-file-description Files with pwzip file extension can be found as compressed archives from Polyworks software.

px-file-extension
px-file-description Corel Paradox primary database index
px-file-description A px file extension is associated with the Corel Paradox database management system and used for its primary database indexes.

px1-file-extension
px1-file-description Production Studio melody sequence file
px1-file-description The px1 file extension is related to the Production Studio and used for its melody sequence.

px3-file-extension
px3-file-description PhraseExpress data
px3-file-description A px3 file extension is related to the PhraseExpress software. A px3 file contains data.

px5-file-extension
px5-file-description Poker Pal third-party plug-in file
px5-file-description Files with px5 extension are used for Poker Pal which offers full third-party plug-in support.

pxa-file-extension
pxa-file-description Pixia Color Painter data
pxa-file-description Files with pxa file extension can be mostly found as images from Japanese Pixia image editor.

pxb-file-extension
pxb-file-description Pixibox picture image
pxb-file-description A pxb file extension is related to the Pixibox and used for its picture files.

pxc-file-extension
pxc-file-description MatrikonOPC server configuration
pxc-file-description A pxc file extension is related to configuration files for MatrikonOPC servers.

pxd-file-extension
pxd-file-description ProxyDesigner design
pxd-file-description A pxd file extension is associated with the ProxyDesigner a modeling tool. A pxd file stores design data.

pxe-file-extension
pxe-file-description Linux, Unix network bootable image
pxe-file-description A pxe file extension is related to the Preboot eXecution Environment (PXE) from Unix and Linux operating systems.

pxf-file-extension
pxf-file-description STAR Transit translation project
pxf-file-description A pxf file extension is related to the STAR, a translation and localization application. A pxf file stores translation project.

pxg-file-extension
pxg-file-description PixRef Pro configuration data
pxg-file-description A pxg file extension is related to the PixRef Pro utility and used for its configuration files.

pxi-file-extension
pxi-file-description PlexTools disk image file
pxi-file-description Files with pxi extension are used by the PlexTools program.

pxicon-file-extension
pxicon-file-description CandyBar icons package
pxicon-file-description A pxicon file extension is related to the CandyBar software. A pxicon file contains icon.

pxj-file-extension
pxj-file-description Stomp data
pxj-file-description A pxj file extension is associated with the Stomp software and used for its burning project related data.

pxl-file-extension
pxl-file-description Microsoft Pocket Excel spreadsheet
pxl-file-description Files with pxl file extension can be found mostly as spreadsheets created in Microsoft Pocket Excel. Most spreadsheet programs can import this format.

pxls-file-extension
pxls-file-description Pixelmator layer style
pxls-file-description Files with pxls file extension are commonly used by Pixelmator. A pxls file contains layer style.

pxm-file-extension
pxm-file-description PCSX Rerecording captured movie
pxm-file-description A pxm file extension is related to the PCSX Rerecording software. A pxm file stored recorded movie.

pxml-file-extension
pxml-file-description OpenPandora XML file
pxml-file-description Files with pxml suffix can be found as some sort of XML file in OpenPandora's PND repositories.

pxn-file-extension
pxn-file-description PictureWorks PhotoEnhancer image
pxn-file-description Files with pxn file extension are kindred with old graphics format used by PictureWorks PhotoEnhancer application. They store image files.

pxo-file-extension
pxo-file-description LG Vu system data
pxo-file-description A pxo file extension is related to the Vu a smart phone developed by LG. A pxo file stores system data.

pxp-file-extension
pxp-file-description 3D Studio Max process data
pxp-file-description Files with pxp file extension can also be found as part of 3D Studio Max 3D modeling tool.

pxr-file-extension
pxr-file-description Pixar picture
pxr-file-description Files with pxr file extension can be found as Pixar pictures. Raster graphics used by Pixar in 90s.

pxs-file-extension
pxs-file-description Pegs picture image
pxs-file-description A pxs file extension is related to the Pegs picture image file format.

pxt-file-extension
pxt-file-description Microsoft Pocket Excel template
pxt-file-description A pxt file extension is associated with the Microsoft Pocket Excel spreadsheet editing app. A pxt file contains template.

pxv-file-extension
pxv-file-description Pixbend media
pxv-file-description A pxv file extension is related to the Pixbend and used fir its media files.

pxw-file-extension
pxw-file-description TWAIN32 data
pxw-file-description A pxw file extension is related to the TWAIN, a programming interface and communication protocol.

pxx-file-extension
pxx-file-description Encrypted Keyman customization file
pxx-file-description Files with pxx extension are kindred to keyboard files which are used by programs based on the Keyman engine. They include customization data.

pxy-file-extension
pxy-file-description Topocad data
pxy-file-description Files with pxy file extension can be mostly associated with Finnish Topocad surveying and mapping software.

pxz-file-extension
pxz-file-description PSALMO compressed data
pxz-file-description A pxz file extension is related to the PSALMO compressed data format. Seems to be obsolete.

py-file-extension
py-file-description Python script language source code
py-file-description Files with py file extension can be commonly found as scripts written and saved in the Python scripting and programming language.

py3-file-extension
py3-file-description Python 3 script
py3-file-description A py3 file extension is related to the Python programming language. A py3 file contains script from Python version 3.

pya-file-extension
pya-file-description Microsoft PlayReady DRM audio data
pya-file-description A pya file extension is associated with the Microsoft PlayReady DRM and used for its audio files.

pyc-file-extension
pyc-file-description Compiled Python script source code
pyc-file-description File extension pyc is mainly related to the Python programming and scripting language and used for its compiled source codes.

pyd-file-extension
pyd-file-description Python dynamic module
pyd-file-description A pyd file extension is associated with the Python programming language and used for its dynamic module files.

pyg-file-extension
pyg-file-description IBM Cognos 7 data
pyg-file-description Files with pyg file extension might be found as part of IBM Cognos platform.

pyh-file-extension
pyh-file-description IBM Cognos 7 data
pyh-file-description A pyh file extension is related to the IBM Cognos version 7. A pyh file contains data.

pyi-file-extension
pyi-file-description IBM Cognos 7 data
pyi-file-description Files with pyi file extension might also be found as part of IBM Cognos 7.

pyj-file-extension
pyj-file-description IBM Cognos 8 data
pyj-file-description Files with pyj file extension might be found as part of IBM Cognos version 8.

pym-file-extension
pym-file-description PYM Python preprocessor macro
pym-file-description Files with pym file extension might be found as preprocessor macros based on Python programming language.

pyo-file-extension
pyo-file-description Python compiled code
pyo-file-description A pyo file extension is associated with the Python programming language. A pyo file stores compiled Python source code.

pyproj-file-extension
pyproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Python project
pyproj-file-description A pyproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio, a development tool. A pyproj file stores Python project.

pys-file-extension
pys-file-description Microsoft Console Based Script Host file
pys-file-description Files with pys suffix are in most cases scripts for Microsoft Console Based Script Host files.

pyt-file-extension
pyt-file-description Python declaration data
pyt-file-description Files with pyt extension can be found as declaration files for Python programming language.

pyv-file-extension
pyv-file-description Microsoft PlayReady video
pyv-file-description Files with pyv file extension can be usually found as DRM protected video content for Microsoft PlayReady platform.

pyw-file-extension
pyw-file-description Python GUI source script
pyw-file-description A pyw file extension is related to the Python programming language and used for its source script files.

pyx-file-extension
pyx-file-description Pyrex source code
pyx-file-description A pyx file extension is related to the Pyrex programming language. A pyx file stores source code written in Pyrex.

pyxel-file-extension
pyxel-file-description Pyxel Edit picture image
pyxel-file-description A pyxel file extension is related to the Pyxel Edit drawing application. A pyxel file contains picture image.

pyz-file-extension
pyz-file-description Python zipped executable
pyz-file-description Files with pyz file extension can be usually found as Python scripts that were further ZIP compressed to reduce their file size.

pyzw-file-extension
pyzw-file-description Python program
pyzw-file-description A pyzw file extension is related to the Python programming language for various platforms.

pz-file-extension
pz-file-description Panzoid video project
pz-file-description Files with pz extension can be mainly found as video projects from the Panzoid online service.

pz2-file-extension
pz2-file-description Poser pose data
pz2-file-description Files with pz2 file extension can be mostly found as one of the graphics files used by Poser animation software.

pz3-file-extension
pz3-file-description Poser scene
pz3-file-description A pz3 file extension is used for one of the default file format in Poser, a 3D graphic design application.

pza-file-extension
pza-file-description MGI Photosuite album
pza-file-description Files with pza file extension might be found as photo albums made in MGI Photosuite program. Old and no longer available.

pzc-file-extension
pzc-file-description EditPad document
pzc-file-description Files with pzc file extension is related to the EditPad, a text editing software for Windows.

pzcor-file-extension
pzcor-file-description Panzer Corps saved core army data
pzcor-file-description Files with pzcor file extension can be usually found as saved core army from the Panzer Corps WW2 turn-based strategy game.

pzd-file-extension
pzd-file-description Pocket Zone drawing
pzd-file-description A pzd file extension is related to the Pocket Zone drawing format.

pzdc-file-extension
pzdc-file-description Scatter ransomware affected data
pzdc-file-description Files with pzdc file extension may also be found as encrypted and renamed archives affected by the "Scatter" ransomware.

pzf-file-extension
pzf-file-description GraphPad Prism project
pzf-file-description Files with pzf extension can be found as projects created and saved in the GraphPad Prism biostatistical software.

pzfx-file-extension
pzfx-file-description GraphPad Prism XML project
pzfx-file-description Files with pzfx extension can be found as projects created and saved in the GraphPad Prism software.

pzh-file-extension
pzh-file-description Presto job data
pzh-file-description Files with pzh file suffix are associated with the Presto program. A pzh file contains job data.

pzip-file-extension
pzip-file-description Zip compressed archive
pzip-file-description Files with pzip extension can be found as older compressed archives, probably from Mac platform.

pzl-file-extension
pzl-file-description Unix Puzzle bitmap graphics
pzl-file-description A pzl file extension is related to the Unix operating system. A pzl file contains bitmap graphics.

pzm-file-extension
pzm-file-description GraphPad Prism project
pzm-file-description A pzm file extension is related to the GraphPad Prism software. A pzm file contains project.

pzo-file-extension
pzo-file-description Pizazz Plus overlay data
pzo-file-description A pzo file extension is related to the Pizzaz Plus program and used for its overlay data.

pzp-file-extension
pzp-file-description Pizazz Plus palette
pzp-file-description Files with pzp file extension might also be found as old palette settings for Pizazz printing utility.

pzr-file-extension
pzr-file-description Poser scene
pzr-file-description A pzr file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D modeling tool. A pzr file stores scene.

pzs-file-extension
pzs-file-description Pizazz Plus palette settings file
pzs-file-description Files with pzs extension were used by Pizazz Plus graphics printing software used by MS-DOS.

pzsav-file-extension
pzsav-file-description Panzer Corps saved game
pzsav-file-description Files with pzsav file extension can be usually found as saved positions from the Panzer Corps WW2 turn-based strategy game.

pzt-file-extension
pzt-file-description GraphPad Prism template
pzt-file-description Files with pzt file extension are mainly templates for GraphPad Prism program. Used to quickly create documents with same layouts, settings etc.

pzv-file-extension
pzv-file-description PTC Creo View MCAD package
pzv-file-description A pzv file extension is related to the PTC Creo View MCAD package file format.

pzx-file-extension
pzx-file-description Pizazz Plus swap data
pzx-file-description A pzx file extension is related to the Pizazz Plus and used for its swap files.

pzz-file-extension
pzz-file-description Poser compressed scene
pzz-file-description A pzz file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D figure design and animation software. A pzz file contains compressed scene.

qif-file-extension
qif-file-description Quicken Interchange Format

q-file-extension
q-file-description Tinn-R Editor data
q-file-description Files with q file extension is related to the Tinn-R Editor, a development tool for Windows.

q%26a-file-extension
q%26a-file-description Questions and answers document
q%26a-file-description A q&a file extension is related to the text files with questions and answers data.

q0-file-extension
q0-file-description Japanese Q0 bitmap image
q0-file-description A q0 file extension is related to the Q0 Japanese bitmap image format (24bit).

q00-file-extension
q00-file-description Quicken 2000 tax return
q00-file-description A q00 file extension is related to the Quicken 2000 and used for its tax return files.

q01-file-extension
q01-file-description Quicken 2001 tax return
q01-file-description A q01 file extension is related to the Quicken 2001, an accounting program. A .q01 file contains tax return.

q06-file-extension
q06-file-description QuickTax 2006 accounting data
q06-file-description A q06 file extension is related to the QuickTax 2006 software. A q06 file contains accounting data.

q07-file-extension
q07-file-description QuickTax 2007 tax return data
q07-file-description A q07 file extension is related to the QuickTax 2007 and used for its tax return data.

q08-file-extension
q08-file-description QuickTax 2008 tax return
q08-file-description A q08 file extension is related to the QuickTax, a tax preparation program. A q08 file contains tax return data.

q09-file-extension
q09-file-description QuickTax 2009 tax return
q09-file-description Files with q09 fiel extension can be found as saved tax returns for year 2009.

q1-file-extension
q1-file-description Winamp equalizer preset
q1-file-description A q1 file extension is related to the Winamp audio playback tool and used for its preset files.

q1a-file-extension
q1a-file-description QSI Q1A sound
q1a-file-description A q1a file extension is related with the QSI Q1A sound file format.

q1q-file-extension
q1q-file-description LunarCell Adobe Photoshop plug-in
q1q-file-description A q1q file extension is related to the LunarCell plugin for Adobe Photoshop.

q2-file-extension
q2-file-description Winamp auto-load preset
q2-file-description A q2 file extension is related to Winamp multimedia player and used for its auto-load preset files.

q2d-file-extension
q2d-file-description Quick3DCover design
q2d-file-description A q2d file extension is related to the Quick3DCover design format. Seems to be obsolete.

q2plug-file-extension
q2plug-file-description Quake 2 for Mac game file
q2plug-file-description Detailed description

q2q-file-extension
q2q-file-description Flexify Adobe Photoshop plug-in
q2q-file-description A q2q file extension is related to the Flexify, an Adobe Photoshop plug-in. It is used to transform images into different shapes.

q2renderer-file-extension
q2renderer-file-description Quake 2 for Mac renderer plug-in file
q2renderer-file-description Files with Q2RENDERER extension can be found as plug-ins for Quake 2 computer in version for Mac.

q3c-file-extension
q3c-file-description Quick3DCover project
q3c-file-description A q3c file extension is related to the Quick3DCover software. A q3c file stores project.

q3d-file-extension
q3d-file-description Quickdraw 3D data
q3d-file-description A q3d file extension is related to the QuickDraw 3D by Apple Inc., a 3D graphics API for Macintosh computers.

q3o-file-extension
q3o-file-description Quick3D model
q3o-file-description A q3o file extension is related to the Quick3D Model file format.

q3x-file-extension
q3x-file-description QuickDraw 3D extension
q3x-file-description Files with q3x file extension might be found as older 3D Extensions for QuickDraw for classic Macintosh.

q43-file-extension
q43-file-description Aqbanking Q43 file format
q43-file-description A q43 file extension is associated with the Aqbanking Q43 file format used to carry information about accounts.

q4q-file-extension
q4q-file-description Solar Cell Adobe Photoshop plug-in file
q4q-file-description Files with q4q extension are used by the Solar Cell plugin.

q5q-file-extension
q5q-file-description SuperBladePro preset
q5q-file-description A q5q file extension is related to the SuperBladePro and used for its preset files.

q5r-file-extension
q5r-file-description Melancholytron Adobe Photoshop plug-in
q5r-file-description A q5r file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop plug-in called Melancholytron.

q7q-file-extension
q7q-file-description India Ink plug-in data
q7q-file-description A q7q file extension is associated with the India Ink a plug-in for Adobe Photoshop and Corel PaintShop Pro.

q8r-file-extension
q8r-file-description Flood Adobe Photoshop plug-in file
q8r-file-description Files with q8r extension are used by the Flood utility which is a part of Adobe Photoshop.

q98-file-extension
q98-file-description Quicken 98 tax return
q98-file-description A q98 file extension is related to the Quicken 98 software  and used for its tax return files.

q9q-file-extension
q9q-file-description Blade Pro plugin
q9q-file-description Files with q9q file extension might be found as plugins for Blade Pro program.

q9r-file-extension
q9r-file-description Glitterato Adobe Photoshop plug-in file
q9r-file-description Detailed description

q9s-file-extension
q9s-file-description Mr. Contrast Adobe Photoshop plug-in
q9s-file-description A q9s file extension is related to the Mr. Contrast Adobe Photoshop plug-in.

qa-file-extension
qa-file-description GPS quality assessment data
qa-file-description A qa file extension is related to the GPS quality assessment data file format.

qaa-file-extension
qaa-file-description WinQSB data
qaa-file-description A qaa file extension is related to the WinQSB and used for its data files.

qac-file-extension
qac-file-description C++ dedicated PROGRUN data
qac-file-description A qac file extension is related to C++ programming language.

qad-file-extension
qad-file-description Corel WordPerfect Office thumbnail
qad-file-description A qad file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect Office and used for its thumbnail files.

qaf-file-extension
qaf-file-description Qedoc Quiz Player autolaunch data
qaf-file-description A qaf file extension is related to the Qedoc Quiz Player. A qaf file stores autolauch data.

qafiboe-file-extension
qafiboe-file-description Unknown file extension
qafiboe-file-description Files with qafiboe file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

qag-file-extension
qag-file-description Norton Desktop quick access group file
qag-file-description Detailed description

qal-file-extension
qal-file-description OpenMap quality data
qal-file-description A qal file extension is related to the OpenMap toolkit and used for its quality data.

qam-file-extension
qam-file-description Epson QuickAnime Player plugin
qam-file-description A qam file extension is related to the Epson QuickAnime program. A qam file contains plugin.

qap-file-extension
qap-file-description Omnis Quartz application
qap-file-description A qap file extension is related to the Omnis Studio, an integrated development tool. A qap file stores application.

qar-file-extension
qar-file-description QlikView plug-in
qar-file-description A qar file extension is related to the QlikView a business intelligence software. A qar file stores plug-in for QlikView.

qat-file-extension
qat-file-description Microsoft Office quick access toolbar info
qat-file-description Files with gat extension are associated with Quick Access Toolbar utility.

qb-file-extension
qb-file-description Diploma question
qb-file-description A qb file extension is related to the Diploma developed by Wimba. A qb file contains question data.

qb1-file-extension
qb1-file-description Quicken data
qb1-file-description Files with qb1 file extension are used by Quicken application. They contain some financial data.

qb2005-file-extension
qb2005-file-description QuickBooks 2005 for Mac backup
qb2005-file-description A qb2005 file extension is associated with the QuickBooks 2005 for Mac backup file format.

qb2006-file-extension
qb2006-file-description QuickBooks 2006 for Mac backup
qb2006-file-description A qb2006 file extension is related to the QuickBooks 2006 for Mac backup file format.

qb2007-file-extension
qb2007-file-description QuickBooks 2007 for Mac backup
qb2007-file-description A qb2007 file extension is related to the QuickBooks 2007 for Mac. A qb2007 file stores backup.

qb2008-file-extension
qb2008-file-description Quickbook 2008 for Mac backup
qb2008-file-description A qb2008 file extension is related to the Quickbook 2008 for Mac backup file format.

qb2009-file-extension
qb2009-file-description QuickBooks 2009 for Mac backup
qb2009-file-description A qb2009 file extension is related to the QuickBooks 2009 for Mac backup file format.

qb2010-file-extension
qb2010-file-description QuickBooks 2010 for Mac backup
qb2010-file-description A qb2010 file extension is related to the QuickBooks 2010 for Mac. A qb2010 file stores backup.

qb2011-file-extension
qb2011-file-description QuickBooks 2011 for Mac backup
qb2011-file-description A qb2011 file extension is related to the QuickBooks 2011 for Mac backup file format.

qb2012-file-extension
qb2012-file-description QuickBooks 2012 for Mac backup
qb2012-file-description A qb2012 file extension is related to the QuickBooks 2012 for Mac. A qb2012 file stores backup.

qb2013-file-extension
qb2013-file-description QuickBooks 2013 for Mac backup
qb2013-file-description Files with qb2013 file extension can be found as backups of tax return forms for the year 2013 created using the QuickBooks for Mac.

qb2014-file-extension
qb2014-file-description QuickBooks for Mac 2014 backup
qb2014-file-description Files with qb2014 file extension can be found as accounting backups created using the QuickBooks for Mac financial and accounting software.

qb2015-file-extension
qb2015-file-description QuickBooks 2015 backup
qb2015-file-description Files with qb2015 extension can be found as accounting backups for QuickBooks 2015 for Mac financial and accounting software.

qba-file-extension
qba-file-description QuickBooks accountant review copy data
qba-file-description Files with qba file extension are used for Quickbooks program. A qba file contains accountant review copy data.

qbb-file-extension
qbb-file-description QuickBooks backup
qbb-file-description Files with qbb file extension can be found as backups made in QuickBooks accounting software.

qbd-file-extension
qbd-file-description Quicken keyboard layout file
qbd-file-description Files with qdb extension are used by Quicken software as one of its settings files.

qbe-file-extension
qbe-file-description Corel Quattro Pro saved query file
qbe-file-description Files with qbe extension are used by Corel Quattro Pro. They include some saved query files.

qbf-file-extension
qbf-file-description QuickBASIC font
qbf-file-description A qbf file extension is related to the QuickBASIC, an development tool from Microsoft. A qbf file stores font.

qbi-file-extension
qbi-file-description QuickBooks image file
qbi-file-description Files with qbi extension is used for Quickbooks. They include temporary data.

qbj-file-extension
qbj-file-description QuickBooks data
qbj-file-description A qbj file extension is associated with the QuickBooks, an accounting software for OS X (macOS) and Windows. A qbj file stores data.

qbk-file-extension
qbk-file-description QuickTax backup
qbk-file-description A qbk file extension is related to the QuickTax backup file format.

qbl-file-extension
qbl-file-description Business Lawyer document
qbl-file-description A qbl file extension is related to the Business Lawyer, a software for creating forms. A qbl file contains document from this app.

qbm-file-extension
qbm-file-description QuickBooks portable company data
qbm-file-description Files with qbm extension can be found as part of Quickbooks accounting software. Portable company file.

qbmb-file-extension
qbmb-file-description QuickBooks backup file
qbmb-file-description Files with qbmb suffix can be mostly found as backups from QuickBooks accounting software.

qbmd-file-extension
qbmd-file-description QuickBooks backup
qbmd-file-description A qbmd file extension is related to the QuickBooks, an accounting program. A qbmd file stores backup.

qbo-file-extension
qbo-file-description QuickBooks online bank statement data
qbo-file-description Files with qbo file extension can be typically found as online bank statements for QuickBooks and QuickBooks for Mac accounting software.

qbp-file-extension
qbp-file-description QuickBooks printer file
qbp-file-description Files with qbp suffix are special form printer settings files from QuickBooks accounting software.

qbquery-file-extension
qbquery-file-description MySQL Query Browser saved SQL query command data
qbquery-file-description Files with qbquery file extension are used for MySQL Query Browser. They save SQL query command files and can contain e.g. SQL statements.

qbr-file-extension
qbr-file-description QuicBooks report template
qbr-file-description Files with qbr file extension can be found as report templates from QuickBooks line of business accounting software.

qbs-file-extension
qbs-file-description Microsoft QuickBasic program
qbs-file-description A qbs file extension is related to integrated development environment called Microsoft QuickBasic.

qbt-file-extension
qbt-file-description QuicBooks temporary rebuild file
qbt-file-description Files with qbt extension are used for Quickbooks. These files are created in 1st phase of rebuild and then they are automatically deleted.

qbw-file-extension
qbw-file-description QuickBooks company data
qbw-file-description Files with qbw extension can be typically found as company accounting data files from QuickBooks accounting software.

qbx-file-extension
qbx-file-description QuickBooks Accountant transfer data
qbx-file-description Files with qbx file extension can mostly be found as data transfer files for Quickbooks accounting software. Proprietary file format.

qby-file-extension
qby-file-description Quickbooks Accountant's import data
qby-file-description A qby file extension is related to the Quickbooks accounting software and used for its import files.

qbz-file-extension
qbz-file-description Quick Trial Balance data
qbz-file-description A qbz file extension is related to the Quick Trial Balance and used for its data files.

qc-file-extension
qc-file-description Quake C script file
qc-file-description Files with qc extension are used by Quake C scripting and programming language. It stores model's configuration data.

qc-emod-file-extension
qc-emod-file-description QuadraComposer audio file
qc-emod-file-description Detailed description

qc3-file-extension
qc3-file-description Memory-Map data
qc3-file-description A qc3 file extension is related to the Memory-Map, a GPS navigation software. A qc3 file contains mapping data.

qca-file-extension
qca-file-description Ericsson Phone Doubler Quick Call data
qca-file-description A qca file extension is related to the Ericsson Phone Doubler Quick Call data format.

qcall-file-extension
qcall-file-description Phone Doubler Quick Call file
qcall-file-description Detailed description

qcc-file-extension
qcc-file-description QC-CALC data
qcc-file-description Files with qcc file extension might be found as data files from QC-CALC programs by Prolink Software.

qcd-file-extension
qcd-file-description QuarkXpress article data
qcd-file-description A qcd file extension is used by QuarkXpress, a desktop publishing program. A qcd file stores article data.

qcf-file-extension
qcf-file-description QuikCAT compressed data
qcf-file-description Files with qcf file extension are related to the QuikCAT compressed data format.

qch-file-extension
qch-file-description Quicken for MS-DOS data
qch-file-description A qch file extension is related to the Quicken, a personal finance management software. A qch file stores data for DOS version of Quicken.

qci-file-extension
qci-file-description Cliq accessories phonebook index
qci-file-description Files with qci file extension are phonebook  indexes used in old Cliq program for Linux/Unix.

qcif-file-extension
qcif-file-description QCIF RAW video format
qcif-file-description Files with qcif file extension can be found as very small resolution video files.

qck-file-extension
qck-file-description Jigsaw 2 astrological tool data
qck-file-description Files with qck file extension might be found as data files from Jigsaw 2 astrological software.

qcm-file-extension
qcm-file-description Quick Command data
qcm-file-description Files with qcm file extension can be found as Quick Command files from old 3164 program.

qcn-file-extension
qcn-file-description Qualcomm QPST drive backup
qcn-file-description A qcn file extension is related to the Qualcomm QPST (Qualcomm Product Support Tools) app. A qcn file stores drive backup.

qcow-file-extension
qcow-file-description QEMU Copy-On-Write data
qcow-file-description A qcow file extension is related to the QEMU Copy-On-Write file format used to store disk images.

qcow2-file-extension
qcow2-file-description QEMU Copy-On-Write data
qcow2-file-description Files with qcow2 extension can be found as one of the default disk image file types from QEMU.

qcp-file-extension
qcp-file-description Qualcomm PureVoice QCELP recorder and player voice
qcp-file-description A qcp file extension is related with the Qualcomm PureVoice QCELP recorder. A qcp file contains recorded voices.

qcs-file-extension
qcs-file-description CADQC standard file format
qcs-file-description A qcs file extension is related to the CADQC standard file format.

qct-file-extension
qct-file-description QuarkXpress article template
qct-file-description Files with qct file extension can be usually found as article templates for QuarkXpress rich document software solution.

qd-file-extension
qd-file-description SHARP MZ-series emulator data
qd-file-description A qd file extension is related to the SHARP MZ-series emulators. A qd file stores some kind of data used by these programs.

qd0-file-extension
qd0-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 10 data
qd0-file-description A qd0 file extension is related to the Omnis Quartz, a a database system for Microsoft Windows. A qd0 file contains 10th segments of database data.

qd1-file-extension
qd1-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 1 data
qd1-file-description A qd1 file extension is related to the Omnis Quartz and used for its segment 1 data.

qd2-file-extension
qd2-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 2 data
qd2-file-description A qd2 file extension is related to the Omnis Quartz and used for its segment 2 data.

qd3-file-extension
qd3-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 3 data file
qd3-file-description Files with qd3 extension are used by Omnis Studio program.

qd3d-file-extension
qd3d-file-description QuickDraw 3D meta file
qd3d-file-description The qd3d file extension is associated with the QuickDraw 3D and contains some kind of metadata.

qd4-file-extension
qd4-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 4 data
qd4-file-description A qd4 file extension is related to the Omnis Quartz and used for its segment 4 data.

qd5-file-extension
qd5-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 5 data file
qd5-file-description Detailed description

qd6-file-extension
qd6-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 6 data
qd6-file-description A qd6 file extension is related to the Omnis Quartz, a database system. A qd6 file contains segment 6 data.

qd7-file-extension
qd7-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 7 data
qd7-file-description A qd7 file extension is related to the Omnis Quartz, a database management software. A qd7 file contains segment 7 data.

qd8-file-extension
qd8-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 8 data
qd8-file-description A qd8 file extension is related to the Omnis Quartz, a database software for Windows. A qd8 file stores segment 8 data.

qd9-file-extension
qd9-file-description Omnis Quartz segment 9 data
qd9-file-description A qd9 file extension is related to the Omnis Quartz, a database system. A qd9 file stores segment 9 data.

qda-file-extension
qda-file-description Quadruple D archive
qda-file-description A qda file extension is associated with the Quadruple D archive format.

qdat-file-extension
qdat-file-description QuickTime installer cache
qdat-file-description A qdat file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime. A qdat file contains installer cache.

qdb-file-extension
qdb-file-description Quicken backup
qdb-file-description A qdb file extension is related to the Quicken, a finance management software. A qdb file contains backup.

qdc-file-extension
qdc-file-description Quick-Devis database
qdc-file-description A qdc file extension is related to the Quick-Devis estimating program. A qdc file contains database.

qdd-file-extension
qdd-file-description QuickDisk job data
qdd-file-description Files with qdd file extension might be found as job files from a program called QuickDisk.

qdes-file-extension
qdes-file-description DatabaseSpy file
qdes-file-description The qdes file extension is related to the DatabaseSpy software from Altova.

qdf-file-extension
qdf-file-description Quicken financial data
qdf-file-description Files with qdf file extension are generally related to Quicken personal finance software. This QDF format is used to store financial data.

qdf-backup-file-extension
qdf-backup-file-description Quicken financial data backup
qdf-backup-file-description Files with qdf-backup file extension are backups of main Quicken accounting data created using the default backup function in the program.

qdfm-file-extension
qdfm-file-description Quicken for Mac financial data
qdfm-file-description A qdfm file extension is related to the Quicken for Mac, a personal finance management system.  A qdfm file contains financial data.

qdfx-file-extension
qdfx-file-description Quicken Essentials for Mac financial data exchange format
qdfx-file-description Files with qdfx file suffix are related to the Quicken Essentials for Mac and Quicken for Mac. The qdfx file contains financial data.

qdi-file-extension
qdi-file-description Quicken dictionary data file
qdi-file-description Files with qdi extension are used by the Quicken management tool. They include some saved dictionary data.

qdk-file-extension
qdk-file-description QEMM startup files backup
qdk-file-description A qdk file extension is related to the QEMM, a memory manager for MS-DOS. A qdk file stores startup files backup.

qdl-file-extension
qdl-file-description QDL source code file
qdl-file-description Files with qdl extension are associated with Cue Description Language's written source code.

qdlx-file-extension
qdlx-file-description Quicken for Mac data file
qdlx-file-description Detailed description

qdm-file-extension
qdm-file-description fsQCA data
qdm-file-description A qdm file extension is related to the fsQCA software for Windows. A qdm file stores data.

qdp-file-extension
qdp-file-description MPQDraft plugin
qdp-file-description A qdp file extension is related to the MPQDraft and used for its plugin fles.

qdr-file-extension
qdr-file-description Q-Dir configuration
qdr-file-description A qdr file extension is related to the Q-Dir file management software. A qdr file contains configuration data.

qds-file-extension
qds-file-description Microsoft Windows Server saved DsQuery data
qds-file-description A qds file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Server operating system. A qds file contains DsQuery data.

qdt-file-extension
qdt-file-description QuarkXpress auxiliary dictionary file
qdt-file-description Files with qdt extension are used by QuarkXPress program. They include some data in text file format.

qdtp-file-extension
qdtp-file-description Tourenplaner data
qdtp-file-description A qdtp file extension is related to the Tourenplaner program. A qdtp file contains some kind of data.

qdv-file-extension
qdv-file-description Random Dot QDV bitmap image
qdv-file-description A qdv file extension is related to the Random Dot QDV bitmap image format.

qdw-file-extension
qdw-file-description AnyQuest questionnaire definition
qdw-file-description A qdw file extension is related to the AnyQuest for Microsoft Windows. A qdw file stores questionnaire definition data.

qdz-file-extension
qdz-file-description Stratix V device driver
qdz-file-description Files with qdz suffix can be usually found as system driver installers for Stratix V devices.

qe4-file-extension
qe4-file-description Kingpin Life of Crime settings
qe4-file-description A qe4 file extension is related to the Kingpin Life of Crime, a 3D action computer game. A qe4 file stores settings.

qed-file-extension
qed-file-description Memory-Map Navigator map file
qed-file-description Files with qed suffix can be most often found as maps saved in special Memory-Map Navigator GPS navigation package format.

qef-file-extension
qef-file-description Microsoft Excel query file
qef-file-description Files with qef extension are used for the Microsoft Excel.

qel-file-extension
qel-file-description Quicken Electronic library file
qel-file-description Files with qel suffix are in most cases electronic library files for Quicken personal accounting software.

qem-file-extension
qem-file-description ExpensAble report
qem-file-description Files with qem file extension can be found as report files from Insperity ExpensAble.

qep-file-extension
qep-file-description IRMA Workstation data
qep-file-description Files with qep file extension were used in old IRMA Workstation for Windows.

qes-file-extension
qes-file-description askiadesign questionnaire file
qes-file-description Files with qes extension are used for Askiadesign application. They include many data.

qex-file-extension
qex-file-description ExpensAble Office data
qex-file-description A qex file extension is associated with the ExpensAble Office and used for its data files.

qf-file-extension
qf-file-description Nokia (Ovi) Maps version data
qf-file-description A qf file extension is related to the Nokia (Ovi) Maps applications. A qf file contains some kind of settings data used by Nokia Maps.

qfc-file-extension
qfc-file-description QuickFileCollection archive
qfc-file-description Files with qfc file extension are compressed archives created in the QuickFileCollection utility for MS-DOS.

qfd-file-extension
qfd-file-description Quicken data file
qfd-file-description Files with qfd extension are used by the Quicken program. They are used as a data file format files.

qfg-file-extension
qfg-file-description TOK Player file
qfg-file-description File extension qfg is related to the TOK Player a multimedia playback software.

qfi-file-extension
qfi-file-description Quicken 2002 financial data
qfi-file-description Files with qfi file extension can also be found as data files created in earlier version of Quicken finance manager.

qfilter-file-extension
qfilter-file-description Mac ColorSync filter data
qfilter-file-description A .qfilter file stores OS X (macOS) color settings and adjustments that can be edited in ColorSync utility.

qfl-file-extension
qfl-file-description Family Lawyer document
qfl-file-description A qfl file extension is related to the Family Lawyer a software for helping users with law problems and used for its document files.

qfn-file-extension
qfn-file-description Apple QuickTime font file
qfn-file-description Files with qfn extension are used by Apple QuickTime program. They include some font data.

qfp-file-extension
qfp-file-description Quicken Financial Planner add-on
qfp-file-description A qfp file extension is related to the Quicken Financial Planner and used for its add-on files.

qfs-file-extension
qfs-file-description Need for Speed tracks trk000 data
qfs-file-description A qfs file extension is related to the Need for Speed tracks trk000 data format.

qfx-file-extension
qfx-file-description Quicken Financial Exchange format
qfx-file-description Files with qfx file extension can be typically found as data files exported in the Quicken Financial Exchange format. A qfx file contains financial data.

qfxx-file-extension
qfxx-file-description QuickLink II fax document
qfxx-file-description A qfxx file extension is related to the QuickLink II fax file format.

qgis-file-extension
qgis-file-description Quantum GIS project
qgis-file-description A qgis file extension is related to the Quantum GIS an open source geographic information system. A ggis file stores project.

qgs-file-extension
qgs-file-description Quantum GIS project
qgs-file-description Files with qgs file extension can be found as projects from the open source Quantum GIS platform. A qgs file contains saved work in progress.

qhc-file-extension
qhc-file-description Qt help collection data
qhc-file-description Files with qhc extension can be typically found as some kind of help data collection for Qt an application development tool.

qhcp-file-extension
qhcp-file-description Qt help collection project
qhcp-file-description A qhcp file extension is related to the Qt, a development environment. A qhcp file contains help collection project.

qhf-file-extension
qhf-file-description QIP saved history
qhf-file-description A qhf file extension is related to the QIP instant messenger and used for its history files.

qhi-file-extension
qhi-file-description Intuit Quicken Home Inventory data
qhi-file-description Files with qhi file suffix are related to the Intuit Quicken Home Inventory data.

qhp-file-extension
qhp-file-description Qt help project file
qhp-file-description Files with qhp extension are used for Qt development environment and framework used to create applications. They include document data.

qht-file-extension
qht-file-description Apple QuickTime HTML document
qht-file-description A qht file extension is used for Apple QuickTime HTML files.

qhtm-file-extension
qhtm-file-description Apple QuickTime HTML file
qhtm-file-description The QHTM file extension is used for Apple QuickTime HTML files.

qi-file-extension
qi-file-description Rsyslog queue info
qi-file-description Files with qi file suffix are related to the Rsyslog, a security program for Linux operating system. A qi file contains queue info.

qib-file-extension
qib-file-description Intuit backup
qib-file-description Files with qib file extension might be found as part of older programs from Intuit. Probably some backup.

qic-file-extension
qic-file-description Microsoft Windows 95/98 backup
qic-file-description A qic file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 95 and Windows 98 operating systems. A qic file stores data backup.

qid-file-extension
qid-file-description Quicken accounting data
qid-file-description Files with qid file extension might be found as old files from Quicken accounting software. Probably no longer used.

qin-file-extension
qin-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks inflow data
qin-file-description Files with qin file extension are in most cases data files for CARE-S engineering software. Computer Aided Rehabilitation of Sewer Networks.

qip-file-extension
qip-file-description QIP Infium account data
qip-file-description A qip file extension is related to the QIP Infium and used for its account data.

qit-file-extension
qit-file-description Backdoor.QIT trojan horse data
qit-file-description A qit file extension is related to the Backdoor.QIT malware. A qit file contains data.

qix-file-extension
qix-file-description Quicken DOS data file
qix-file-description Files with qix extension are used by the Quicken personal finance manaagement tool. They include some sort of personal data.

qiz-file-extension
qiz-file-description Exam Builder quiz
qiz-file-description A qiz file extension is related to the Scientific Notebook and WorkPlace. A qiz file stores quiz.

qkex-file-extension
qkex-file-description QuicKeys Mac extension data
qkex-file-description A qkex file extension is related to the QuicKeys extension for Mac OS X. A qkex file stores data.

qkpt-file-extension
qkpt-file-description KaleidaGraph file
qkpt-file-description Detailed description

qkr-file-extension
qkr-file-description IBM Lotus Quickr attachment link
qkr-file-description A qkr file extension is related to the Lotus Quickr and used for its attachment link files.

qkt-file-extension
qkt-file-description Microsoft Works file
qkt-file-description Files with qkt extension are used by the Microsoft Works program.

qky-file-extension
qky-file-description Linux Quirky kernel data
qky-file-description A qky file extension is related to Linux operating system and used for Quirky kernel add-on.

ql-file-extension
ql-file-description QEdit data
ql-file-description Files with ql extension can be found as data files from the QEdit program.

ql%24-file-extension
ql%24-file-description Microsoft compressed QLB data
ql%24-file-description A ql$ file extension is related to the Microsoft compressed QLB file format.

qlb-file-extension
qlb-file-description Microsoft QuickBasic library file
qlb-file-description Files with qlb extension are used by Microsoft QuickBasic and Visual Basic software. They are some sort of data library files.

qlc-file-extension
qlc-file-description Adobe Type Manager ATM Type 1 fonts script
qlc-file-description A qlc file extension is related to the Adobe Type Manager. A qlc file stores ATM Type 1 fonts script.

qld-file-extension
qld-file-description MassLynx quantation data
qld-file-description A qld file extension is related to the MassLynx software. A qld file stores quantation data.

qlf-file-extension
qlf-file-description Family Tree genealogy data
qlf-file-description A qlf file extension is related to the Family Tree a genealogy program. A qlf file contains genealogy data.

qlgenerator-file-extension
qlgenerator-file-description Apple Quick Look plug-in
qlgenerator-file-description Files with qlgenerator file suffix are related to the Apple Quick Look service and used for its plug-ins.

qli-file-extension
qli-file-description Statler Stitcher data
qli-file-description Files with qli file extension are embroidery designs for Statler Stitcher program.

qlm-file-extension
qlm-file-description QuickField LabelMover script
qlm-file-description A qlm file extension is associated with the QuickField, a program for Microsoft Windows. A qlm file stores script.

qlr-file-extension
qlr-file-description QGIS layer definition
qlr-file-description A qlr file extension is related to the QGIS and used for its layer definition files.

qlv-file-extension
qlv-file-description QGIS LayerVersion data
qlv-file-description Files with qlv extension store data from QGIS LayerVersion plug-in from QGIS GIS suite.

qm-file-extension
qm-file-description Qt compiled translation source
qm-file-description A qm file extension is associated with the Qt a cross-platform application framework. A qm file stores compiled translation source.

qm3-file-extension
qm3-file-description Articulate Quizmaker compressed data
qm3-file-description A qm3 file extension is related to the Articulate Quizmaker compressed data format.

qm4-file-extension
qm4-file-description qmail options or services file
qm4-file-description Detailed description

qma-file-extension
qma-file-description Qedit data
qma-file-description Files with qma file extension can also be found as data files from Qedit program.

qmb-file-extension
qmb-file-description Quick Menu Builder saved file
qmb-file-description Files with qmb extension are used for the Quick Menu Builder program. They include saved project data.

qmbl-file-extension
qmbl-file-description LabQuest results data
qmbl-file-description Files with qmbl extension can be mostly found as some sort of results files for LabQuest.

qmc-file-extension
qmc-file-description QMTest results data
qmc-file-description A qmc file extension is related to the QMTest and used for its test results files.

qmd-file-extension
qmd-file-description Quicken backup
qmd-file-description A qmd file extension is related to the Quicken accounting software version 5 and 6 and used for its backup files.

qmdb-file-extension
qmdb-file-description APM Planner map database
qmdb-file-description A qmdb file extension  is associated with the APM Planner map database format.

qme-file-extension
qme-file-description Quicken Win version 3 file
qme-file-description Files with qme extension are used by the Quicken personal finance management tool. They probably contain some financial data.

qmethod-file-extension
qmethod-file-description AB SCIEX MultiQuant quantitation method data
qmethod-file-description A qmethod file extension is related to the AB SCIEX MultiQuant, a mass spec quantitation program. A qmethod file contains quantitation method data.

qmf-file-extension
qmf-file-description IBM Lotus Approach database query
qmf-file-description A qmf file extension is related to the IBM Lotus Approach and used for its database query.

qmg-file-extension
qmg-file-description Samsung theme picture image - qmage file format
qmg-file-description Files with qmg file extension can be most often encountered as special theme pictures from Samsung Theme Designer for Samsung mobile phones.

qmgc-file-extension
qmgc-file-description Unknown file extension
qmgc-file-description Files with qmgc file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

qmk-file-extension
qmk-file-description YanCEyDesktop bookmark data
qmk-file-description A qmk file extension is related to the YanCEyDesktop and used for its bookmark data files.

qml-file-extension
qml-file-description Quicken DOS data file
qml-file-description Files with qml extension are used by Quicken development tool. They probably contain some financial data.

qmp-file-extension
qmp-file-description SeeYou raster map
qmp-file-description Files with qmp suffix are in most cases raster graphics maps from SeeYou flight planning and analysis tool.

qmr-file-extension
qmr-file-description OzWin quickscan history
qmr-file-description A qmr file extension is related to the OzWin and used for its quickscan history files.

qms-file-extension
qms-file-description QQMusic skin
qms-file-description Files with qms file extension can be found as graphics skins for the old QQMusic software.

qmsb-file-extension
qmsb-file-description Questionmark Secure data
qmsb-file-description Files with qmsb extension can be found as secured files for Questionmark Secure software family.

qmt-file-extension
qmt-file-description Quicken memory list file
qmt-file-description Files with qmt extension are used by Quicken management tool.

qmtf-file-extension
qmtf-file-description Intuit Quicken data
qmtf-file-description A qmtf file extension is related to the Intuit Quicken accounting and financial software.

qmv-file-extension
qmv-file-description Qvod Player data
qmv-file-description A qmv file extension is related to the Qvod Player, a Chinese video streaming software.

qmx-file-extension
qmx-file-description Quantum Streaming video
qmx-file-description A qmx file extension is related with the Quantum Streaming and used for its video files.

qnc-file-extension
qnc-file-description Cliq Accessories notepad customization
qnc-file-description A qnc file extension is related to the Cliq Accessories and used to store notepad customization.

qnt-file-extension
qnt-file-description Chromeleon Quantification Method file
qnt-file-description Files with qnt extension are used for Chromeleon application.

qnx-file-extension
qnx-file-description Quicken index file
qnx-file-description Files with qnx extension are used by Quicken program. They include some sort of financial data.

qob-file-extension
qob-file-description QuickBooks 2010 Pro data
qob-file-description A qob file extension is related to the QuickBooks 2010 Pro, an accounting software. A qob file contains accounting data.

qoh-file-extension
qoh-file-description Unknown file extension
qoh-file-description Files with qoh file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

qop-file-extension
qop-file-description 3D Studio Max options data
qop-file-description A qop file extension is related to the 3D Studio Max software and used for its options files.

qot-file-extension
qot-file-description Sierra Print Artist quote
qot-file-description A qot file extension is related to the Sierra Print Artist and used for its quote files.

qp03-file-extension
qp03-file-description qpress compressed archive file
qp03-file-description Detailed description

qp1-file-extension
qp1-file-description QuickPar cache
qp1-file-description A qp1 file extension is related to the QuickPar and used for its cache files.

qp2-file-extension
qp2-file-description QuickPar cache
qp2-file-description A qp2 file extension is related to the QuickPar. A .qp2 file stores cache.

qpa-file-extension
qpa-file-description Vulkan Conformance Test test log
qpa-file-description A qpa file extension is related to the Vulkan Conformance Test, a part of AOSP (Android Open Source Project). A qpa file contains test log.

qpb-file-extension
qpb-file-description Quicken payroll data
qpb-file-description A qpb file extension is related to the Quicken, a finance program for Windows and Mac. A qpb file contains information payroll.

qpc-file-extension
qpc-file-description KaleidaGraph plot data
qpc-file-description A qpc file extension is related to the KaleidaGraph and used for its plot files.

qpct-file-extension
qpct-file-description KaleidaGraph Plot file
qpct-file-description The QPCT file extension is related to the KaleidaGraph and used for its plot files.

qpd-file-extension
qpd-file-description Quicken QuickPay Windows 3.0 add-on
qpd-file-description A qpd file extension is related to the Quicken QuickPay Windows 3.0 and used for its add-on files.

qpf-file-extension
qpf-file-description Quartus II project
qpf-file-description A qpf file extension is related to the Quartus II, a programmable log device. A qpf file stores project.

qpg-file-extension
qpg-file-description QuickBooks data
qpg-file-description A qpg file extension is related to the QuickBooks, an accounting software for Mac and Windows. An qpg file stores some kind of data.

qph-file-extension
qph-file-description Intuit Quicken price history file
qph-file-description Files with qph suffix are sometimes found as old price history files from Quicken finance software 2009 or older.

qpi-file-extension
qpi-file-description Quicken for Windows version 3 financial data
qpi-file-description A qpi file extension is related to the Quicken for Windows version 3, a personal finance management system. A qpi file stores financial data.

qpj-file-extension
qpj-file-description Quantum GIS project
qpj-file-description Files with qpj extension are projects from the Quantum GIS (QGIS) geographic information system for various platforms.

qpk-file-extension
qpk-file-description Qt Extended installable package
qpk-file-description Files with qpk file extension might be found as installable packages from Qt Extended platform.

qpkg-file-extension
qpkg-file-description Qnap QTS application package
qpkg-file-description Files with qpkg extension can be typically found as QTS compatible application packages for Qnap QTS NAS operating system.

qpl-file-extension
qpl-file-description KaleidaGraph layout data
qpl-file-description Files with qpl file extension can mainly be found as saved layouts from the KaleidaGraph software.

qpm-file-extension
qpm-file-description Quick Pallet Maker input data
qpm-file-description A qpm file extension is related to the Quick Pallet Maker input data format.

qpr-file-extension
qpr-file-description OS/2 print queue device driver
qpr-file-description A qpr file extension is related to the OS/2 operating system for IBM-PC. A qpr file contains print queue device driver.

qprj-file-extension
qprj-file-description THINK Pascal project file
qprj-file-description The QPRJ file extension is related to the THINK Pascal and used for its project files.

qproj-file-extension
qproj-file-description FreeQ IDE project
qproj-file-description Files with qproj extension can be found as projects from FreeQ IDE, which is based on RapidQ compiler.

qps-file-extension
qps-file-description Timeasure data
qps-file-description A qps file extension is related to the Timeasure, a software for tracking time activities. A qps file contains data.

qpt-file-extension
qpt-file-description QuarkXPress project template
qpt-file-description A qpt file extension is related to the QuarkXPress software and used for its project templates.

qpw-file-extension
qpw-file-description Corel Quattro Pro spreadsheet
qpw-file-description Files with qpw file extension can be most often found as spreadsheets made and saved using Quattro Pro spreadsheet editor developed by Corel.

qpx-file-extension
qpx-file-description FoxPro compiled executable QBE query file
qpx-file-description Files with qpx file extension can be mostly found as executable QBE query programs.

qq-file-extension
qq-file-description BLU archive
qq-file-description A qq file extension is related to the BLU archive file format.

qqe-file-extension
qqe-file-description JELD-WEN Quick Quote data
qqe-file-description A qqe file extension is related to the JELD-WEN Quick Quote. A qqe file stores some kind of data.

qqq-file-extension
qqq-file-description TotalFix fixed AVI video
qqq-file-description Files with qqq file extension can be found as broken AVI files repaired using the TotalFix utility.

qqt-file-extension
qqt-file-description Qardware definition
qqt-file-description A qqt file extension is related to the Qardware definition files.

qr2-file-extension
qr2-file-description Delphi database quick report
qr2-file-description A qr2 file extension is related to the Delphi a program development tool. A qr2 file contains database quick report.

qrc-file-extension
qrc-file-description Qt resource collection file
qrc-file-description Files with qrc extension are used for Qt SDK program. They include some resource collection.

qrd-file-extension
qrd-file-description BI/Query result data
qrd-file-description A qrd file extension is related to the BI/Query result files.

qrf-file-extension
qrf-file-description QR form data
qrf-file-description Files with qrf file extension can be found as form files from old QR Form program. A zlib based compressed XML file.

qrm-file-extension
qrm-file-description Qworum message
qrm-file-description A qrm file extension is related to the Qworum a general purpose component technology for web applications.

qrn-file-extension
qrn-file-description Quarantine data
qrn-file-description Files with qrn file extension can be found as quarantine files from some older anti-virus programs or security scanners.

qrp-file-extension
qrp-file-description Dr. Hardware data
qrp-file-description Files with qrp extension might also be found as saved system check data from Dr. Hardware system analysis program.

qrq-file-extension
qrq-file-description Q&R Workstation query definition
qrq-file-description A qrq file extension is related to the Q&R Workstation query definition format.

qrs-file-extension
qrs-file-description Corel WordPerfect Equation Editor support data
qrs-file-description A qrs file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect Equation Editor and used for its support files.

qrt-file-extension
qrt-file-description QuickRoute map
qrt-file-description Files with qrt file extension can be mainly found as maps from QuickRoute software.

qrv-file-extension
qrv-file-description Tucnak data
qrv-file-description A qrv file extension is related to the Tucnak a software for Windows, Linux and Android systems.

qry-file-extension
qry-file-description Database query
qry-file-description A qry file extension is associated with the Database Query file format used by various apps like Microsoft SQL Server, dBase, Lotus Approach, etc.

qs-file-extension
qs-file-description Qt script file
qs-file-description Files with qs suffix are scripts from Qt an application framework. The qs file stores script.

qs4-file-extension
qs4-file-description Sinclair QL hires screen
qs4-file-description A qs4 file extension is associated with the Sinclair QL hires screen file format.

qs8-file-extension
qs8-file-description Sinclair QL 8 colours screen
qs8-file-description A qs8 file extension is related to the Sinclair QL 8 colours screen file format.

qsb-file-extension
qsb-file-description Lenovo firmware update
qsb-file-description A qsb file extension associated with Google Android smartphones developed by Lenovo. A qsb file contains firmware update.

qsc-file-extension
qsc-file-description Kaleidagraph script file
qsc-file-description Files with qsc extension are associated with Kaleidagraph program. The qsc files store scripts data.

qsd-file-extension
qsd-file-description Quicken data
qsd-file-description A qsd file extension is related to the Quicken a personal finance management system and used for its data files.

qsed-file-extension
qsed-file-description QvodPlayer data
qsed-file-description A .qsed file extension is related to the QvodPlayer (also known as Nora).

qseg-file-extension
qseg-file-description FlashPeak SlimBrowser data
qseg-file-description A qseg file extension is related to the SlimBrowser developed by FlashPeak.

qsession-file-extension
qsession-file-description MultiQuant quantitation session
qsession-file-description A qsession file extension is related to the MultiQuant program for Windows. A .qsession file stores quantitation session.

qsf-file-extension
qsf-file-description Micrografx QuickSilver graphic plugin
qsf-file-description A qsf file extension is related to the Micrografx QuickSilver and used for its graphic plugin.

qsfl-file-extension
qsfl-file-description Symantec Antivirus check file
qsfl-file-description Detailed description

qsfv-file-extension
qsfv-file-description QuickSFV data
qsfv-file-description A qsfv file extension is related to the QuickSFV program for Microsoft Windows. A qsfv file stores some kind of data.

qsk-file-extension
qsk-file-description Quintessential Player skin file
qsk-file-description Files with qsk extension are used by Quintessential Player as some settings files.

qsl-file-extension
qsl-file-description Sinclair QL lowres laced screens
qsl-file-description Files with qsl file extension are related to the Sinclair QL lowres laced screens.

qsm-file-extension
qsm-file-description QuickBooks Statement Wirter data
qsm-file-description A qsm file extension is related to the QuickBooks Statement Writer and used for its financial files.

qsn-file-extension
qsn-file-description TapCIS QuickScan data
qsn-file-description A qsn file extension is related to the TapCIS and used for its quickscan data.

qsp-file-extension
qsp-file-description QSetup Installation Suite data
qsp-file-description Files with qsp file extension can be found as part of QSetup from Pantaray Research. Installation suite data file.

qsr-file-extension
qsr-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks water quality simulation results
qsr-file-description A qsr file extension is related to the CARE-S InfoWorks water quality simulation results file format.

qss-file-extension
qss-file-description Nokia Qt style sheet file
qss-file-description Files with qss extension are used for the Nokia Qt Creator. They include web-enabled application data.

qst-file-extension
qst-file-description KaleidaGraph style file
qst-file-description Files with qst suffix may be also found as special styles for the KaleidaGraph graphing and data analysis software.

qsty-file-extension
qsty-file-description KaleidaGraph style file
qsty-file-description Detailed description

qsu-file-extension
qsu-file-description Zelda Classic quest data
qsu-file-description A qsu file extension is related to the Zelda Classic a remake of Zelda video game. A qsu file stores some kind of game data.

qsv-file-extension
qsv-file-description Jigs@w saved puzzle state
qsv-file-description Files with file extension qsv may be usually found as save games from Jigs@w puzzle game series.

qsx-file-extension
qsx-file-description QuickSurf data
qsx-file-description Files with qsx file extension can be found as output files from QuickSurf surface modeling system.

qt-file-extension
qt-file-description Apple QuickTime movie clip
qt-file-description Files with qt file extension can be found as movie clips saved in Apple QuickTime format. Probably used in the past.

qt3d-file-extension
qt3d-file-description Qt 3D data
qt3d-file-description A qt3d file extension is related to the Qt framework and used for its 3D data.

qta-file-extension
qta-file-description qtar archive
qta-file-description Files with qta file extension might be found as old qtar archives. Obsolete file type.

qtb-file-extension
qtb-file-description ExamView QuickTake question bank data
qtb-file-description Files with qtb file suffix are used by ExamView QuickTake question bank data format.

qtc-file-extension
qtc-file-description Apple QuickTime support data
qtc-file-description A qtc file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime and used for its support data.

qtch-file-extension
qtch-file-description Apple QuickTime cached data
qtch-file-description A qtch file extension is related to the temporary cache files used by Apple QuickTime.

qtf-file-extension
qtf-file-description Qtracker filter
qtf-file-description Files with qtf file extension can be found as saved filters for Qtracker program. Used for management of multiplayer games.

qtff-file-extension
qtff-file-description QuickTime file format data
qtff-file-description Files with qtff file extension is associated with the QuickTime file format data.

qtg-file-extension
qtg-file-description QTgrader data
qtg-file-description A qtg file extension is related to the QTgrader software. A qtg file contains data.

qti-file-extension
qti-file-description Apple QuickTime image
qti-file-description A qti file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime and used for its image files.

qtif-file-extension
qtif-file-description Apple QuickTime picture image
qtif-file-description A qtif file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime framework and used for its picture images.

qtindex-file-extension
qtindex-file-description Adobe QTIndex file
qtindex-file-description Files with qtindex are created by AdobeQTIndex feature, which can be part of Adobe After Effects etc.

qtk-file-extension
qtk-file-description Apple QuickTake picture
qtk-file-description Files with qtk extension may be usually encountered as old pictures recorded using the Apple QuickTake camera.

qtl-file-extension
qtl-file-description YUV SECAM or PAL image
qtl-file-description A qtl file extension is associated with the YUV SECAM or PAL image format.

qtm-file-extension
qtm-file-description Apple QuickTime movie
qtm-file-description A qtm file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime and used for its movie files.

qtmp-file-extension
qtmp-file-description Qtracker mapshot pack
qtmp-file-description A qtmp file extension is related to the Qtracker a software tool for Windows.

qtn-file-extension
qtn-file-description Norman virus control
qtn-file-description Files with qtn file extension might be found as part of Normal security software. Virus control file.

qtp-file-extension
qtp-file-description Apple QuickTime preferences
qtp-file-description A qtp file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime, a multimedia framework. A qtp file contains preferences.

qtpp-file-extension
qtpp-file-description Qtracker update data
qtpp-file-description A qtpp file extension is related to the Qtracker software and used for its update data files.

qtr-file-extension
qtr-file-description Apple QuickTime extension resource
qtr-file-description A qtr file extension is associated with the Apple QuickTime and used for its extension resources.

qts-file-extension
qts-file-description QuickTime system data
qts-file-description A qts file extension is related to the QuickTime framework. A qts file contains data.

qtsk-file-extension
qtsk-file-description Qtracker PlayerWatch skin
qtsk-file-description The qtsk file extension is associated with the Qtracker PlayerWatch skin files.

qtt-file-extension
qtt-file-description Qtracker application theme
qtt-file-description A qtt file extension is related to the Qtracker application and used for its theme files.

qttabbarcommand-file-extension
qttabbarcommand-file-description QTTabBar command button
qttabbarcommand-file-description A file suffix qttabbarcommand is related to the QTTabBar command button data.

qttabgroup-file-extension
qttabgroup-file-description QTTabBar group data
qttabgroup-file-description A qttabgroup file extension is related to the QTTabBar for Microsoft Windows.

qtv-file-extension
qtv-file-description QuickTime Virtual Reality data
qtv-file-description Files with qtv file extension can be found as part of QuickTime media player.

qtvr-file-extension
qtvr-file-description QuickTime VR file format
qtvr-file-description A qtvr file extension is related to the QuickTime VR file format, developed by Apple.

qtw-file-extension
qtw-file-description Qtext text document
qtw-file-description Files with qtw file extension can be found as old text documents made in Qtext Hebrew-English word processor for MS-DOS.

qtx-file-extension
qtx-file-description Quicken data
qtx-file-description Files with qtx extension are related to the Quicken a personal finance management tool. Contains various accounting software data.

qtxs-file-extension
qtxs-file-description Apple QuickTime data
qtxs-file-description A .qtxs file extension is related to the Apple QuickTime and used for its data files.

qtz-file-extension
qtz-file-description Mac Quartz graphics
qtz-file-description A qtz file extension is mainly found on files on Mac OS X (macOS) platform. These files are used by the Core graphics framework including Quartz 2D and Quartz Composer.

qu2-file-extension
qu2-file-description GPS2WorldWind database
qu2-file-description A qu2 file extension is related to the GPS2WorldWind software. A qu2 file contains database.

qua-file-extension
qua-file-description Avira AntiVir quarantined data
qua-file-description A qua file extension is related to the Avira AntiVir software used to protect computer against viruses.

quad-file-extension
quad-file-description QUAD compressed archive
quad-file-description A .quad file extension is related to the QUAD and used for its compressed archives.

qualsoftcode-file-extension
qualsoftcode-file-description Speedy Browser code archive file
qualsoftcode-file-description The *.qualsoftcode file extension is related to the Speedy Browser and used for its code archive files.

qud-file-extension
qud-file-description QuarkXpress auxiliary dictionary file
qud-file-description Files with qud extension are used for QuarkPress program. They are used as a document file formats.

que-file-extension
que-file-description CuteFTP queue data
que-file-description A que file extension is related to the CuteFTP, an FTP client app.

query-file-extension
query-file-description Unknown file extension
query-file-description Files with query file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

questtemplate-file-extension
questtemplate-file-description Starbound quest template
questtemplate-file-description A questtemplate file extension is related to the Starbound and used for its quest template files.

qui-file-extension
qui-file-description Orgadata LogiKal data
qui-file-description A qui file extension is related to the LogiKal developed by Orgadata. A qui file contains data.

quickbooksautodatarecovery-file-extension
quickbooksautodatarecovery-file-description QuickBooks auto recovery data
quickbooksautodatarecovery-file-description Files with quickbooksautodatarecovery file extension might be found as one of the data recovery formats from Quickbooks accounting software.

quicken2015-file-extension
quicken2015-file-description Quicken for Mac 2015 financial data
quicken2015-file-description A quicken2015 file extension is related to the Quicken for Mac version 2015, a personal financial management program. A quicken2015 file contains personal accounting and financial data.

quicken2015backup-file-extension
quicken2015backup-file-description Quicken for Mac 2015 backup
quicken2015backup-file-description Files with quicken2015backup file suffix are related to the Quicken for Mac version 2015. A quicken2015backup file contains backup of accounting and financial information.

quicken2016-file-extension
quicken2016-file-description Quicken for Mac 2016 financial data
quicken2016-file-description A quicken2016 file extension is commonly used by Quicken for Mac version 2016, a personal financial management program. A quicken2016 file contains personal accounting and financial data.

quicken2016backup-file-extension
quicken2016backup-file-description Quicken for Mac 2016 backup
quicken2016backup-file-description A quicken2016backup file extension is related to the Quicken for Mac a personal financial management system. A quicken2016backup file contains backup of accounting and financial information.

quicken2017-file-extension
quicken2017-file-description Quicken for Mac 2017 financial data
quicken2017-file-description Files with quicken2017 file suffix are associated with the Quicken for Mac version 2017. A quicken2017 file contains personal accounting and financial data.

quicken2017backup-file-extension
quicken2017backup-file-description Quicken for Mac 2017 backup
quicken2017backup-file-description A quicken2017backup file extension is associated with the Quicken for Mac a personal financial management system. A quicken2017backup file contains backup of accounting and financial information.

quickenbackup-file-extension
quickenbackup-file-description Quicken Essentials for Mac financial data backup
quickenbackup-file-description A quickenbackup file extension is related to the Quicken Essentials and Quicken for Mac accounting programs for macOS (OS X). A quickenbackup file contains backup of information stored in quickendata files.

quickendata-file-extension
quickendata-file-description Quicken Essentials for Mac financial data file
quickendata-file-description Files with quickendata extension are used by the Quicken Essentials Mac OS program. They contain personal financial data.

quicktimecomponents-file-extension
quicktimecomponents-file-description Mac OS X system file
quicktimecomponents-file-description Detailed description

quiz-file-extension
quiz-file-description Quizmaker 09' to 13' quiz
quiz-file-description Files with quiz file extension can be mainly found as quiz files from Articulate Quizmaker.

quiztemplate-file-extension
quiztemplate-file-description Articulate Studio Quizmaker file
quiztemplate-file-description Files with quiztemplate extension are used by Articulate Studio. It is a template file type.

quo-file-extension
quo-file-description eSignal quote data
quo-file-description A quo file extension is related to the eSignal trading program. A quo file stores saved quote data.

quox-file-extension
quox-file-description Quobject data
quox-file-description Files with quox file extension might be found as exchange files from Quobject Designer.

qup-file-extension
qup-file-description QuickTime update package
qup-file-description A qup file extension is related to the QuickTime from Apple. A qup file stores update package.

qut-file-extension
qut-file-description IBM Voice Type languages vocable data
qut-file-description A qut file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type languages vocable data.

qvd-file-extension
qvd-file-description Quaanta Interactive Media Desktop file
qvd-file-description The qvd extension files are used by Quaanta Interactive Media Desktop program. They include many data used for internal purposes.

qvf-file-extension
qvf-file-description QlikView data
qvf-file-description Files with qvf extension can be mostly found as data files from QlikView business discovery software.

qvm-file-extension
qvm-file-description Quake Virtual Machine program
qvm-file-description A qvm file extension is related to the Quake Quake Virtual Machine program files.

qvo-file-extension
qvo-file-description QlikView table data
qvo-file-description Files with qvo file extension can be found as tables from QlikView software.

qvp-file-extension
qvp-file-description ViewletBuilder project file
qvp-file-description Files with qvp extension are used by the ViewletBuilder program.

qvr-file-extension
qvr-file-description LAS pyramiding data
qvr-file-description A qvr file extension is related to the LAS pyramiding data format.

qvs-file-extension
qvs-file-description QlikView Script file
qvs-file-description Files with qvs suffix can be found as scripts files from the QlikView business intelligence and data visualization software.

qvt-file-extension
qvt-file-description Quantum Streaming video stream url data
qvt-file-description A qvt file extension is related to the Quantum Streaming video stream URL used by Move Media Player.

qvw-file-extension
qvw-file-description QlikView document
qvw-file-description Files with qvw file extension can be mainly found as documents prepared using the QlikView business software.

qw5-file-extension
qw5-file-description Quicken Win version 5 financial data
qw5-file-description A qw5 file extension is related to the Quicken, a personal finance management software. A qw5 file contains financial data.

qwb-file-extension
qwb-file-description Microsoft Money Quotes WriteBack import file
qwb-file-description Files with qwb extension are used by Microsoft Money program.

qwc-file-extension
qwc-file-description QuickBooks Web Connector configuration
qwc-file-description A qwc file extension is related to the QuickBooks Web Connector configuration files.

qwd-file-extension
qwd-file-description QuarkXpress web document
qwd-file-description A qwd file extension is used for QuarkXpress web document files.

qwe-file-extension
qwe-file-description Unknown file extension
qwe-file-description Files with qwe file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

qwk-file-extension
qwk-file-description BBS archive
qwk-file-description Files with qwk file extension might be found as old BBS archives. No longer actively used.

qwmod-file-extension
qwmod-file-description Quicken for Windows data
qwmod-file-description A qwmod file extension is associated with the Quicken for Microsoft Windows operating system.

qwp-file-extension
qwp-file-description Quiptics puzzle data
qwp-file-description Files with qwp file extension are used for Quiptics to generate cryptograms and as a game software.

qwq-file-extension
qwq-file-description Teleplace Landmark Link data
qwq-file-description A qwq file extension is related ot the Teleplace and used for its landmark link files.

qwt-file-extension
qwt-file-description QuarkXpress web document template
qwt-file-description A qwt file extension is used for web document template files created by the QuarkXpress.

qx-file-extension
qx-file-description Quexal source code
qx-file-description A qx file extension is related to the Quexal and used for its source codes.

qxb-file-extension
qxb-file-description QuarkXpress multiple document publication book file format
qxb-file-description A qxb file extension is related to the QuarkXpress, a desktop publishing software for Mac and Windows. A qxb file contains publication.

qxd-file-extension
qxd-file-description QuarkXPress document
qxd-file-description Files with qxd file extension can be find as DTP (desktop publishing) files saved in QuarkXpress software.

qxf-file-extension
qxf-file-description Quicken for Mac data exchange format
qxf-file-description Files with qxf suffix are Quicken exchange data files, which are used to transfer data between Windows and Mac version of Quicken.

qxl-file-extension
qxl-file-description QuarkXPress element library
qxl-file-description A qxl file extension is related to the QuarkXPress, a software for Windows and Mac that allows users to create page layouts. A qxl file stores element library.

qxm-file-extension
qxm-file-description Quexal macro
qxm-file-description A qxm file extension is related to the Quexal and used for its macro files.

qxml-file-extension
qxml-file-description Question Master Administration Tool output data
qxml-file-description A qxml file extension is related to the Question Master Administration Tool, a part of Cincom Knowledge Master.

qxp-file-extension
qxp-file-description QuarkXpress project
qxp-file-description Files with qxp extension is related to QuarkXpress and used for the default document format in its latest version.

qxt-file-extension
qxt-file-description QuarkXPress template
qxt-file-description A qxt file extension is related to the QuarkXPress, a desktop publishing program. A qxt file contains template.

qyp-file-extension
qyp-file-description Quantec Yardstick preset
qyp-file-description A qyp file extension is related to the Quantec Yardstick stereo room simulator.

qz-file-extension
qz-file-description Create A Quiz data
qz-file-description A qz file extension is related to the Create A Quiz, a software for Microsoft Windows and used for its data files.

qze-file-extension
qze-file-description QZip encrypted data
qze-file-description Files with qze file extension can be found as encrypted compressed archives from QuickZip utility.

qzr-file-extension
qzr-file-description Quizzer data
qzr-file-description A qzr file extension is related to the Quizzer and used for its quizzes data.

qzs-file-extension
qzs-file-description QuizPro data
qzs-file-description A qzs file extension is related to the QuizPro software for Windows.

r00-file-extension
r00-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 2)

r01-file-extension
r01-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 3)
r01-file-description An r01 file extension is traditionally used for older RAR split multi volume archives. A single archive split to many pieces so they could be more easily downloaded / transferred. In the days of floppy disks, this was a pretty common practice. An r01 represents the second part, the first having rar/exe file extension. In order to extract the content of this archive, you first need to put all pieces to single directory and extract the first archive.

r02-file-extension
r02-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 4)

r03-file-extension
r03-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 5)

r04-file-extension
r04-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 6)

r05-file-extension
r05-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 7)

r06-file-extension
r06-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 8)

r07-file-extension
r07-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 9)

r08-file-extension
r08-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 10)

r09-file-extension
r09-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 11)

r10-file-extension
r10-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 12)

raf-file-extension
raf-file-description Fuji CCD-RAW graphic image

rar-file-extension
rar-file-description WinRAR RAR compressed archive

raw-file-extension
raw-file-description Digital camera photo RAW image format

rc-file-extension
rc-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C/C++ resource script

rec-file-extension
rec-file-description Recorded data

ref-file-extension
ref-file-description Reference

reg-file-extension
reg-file-description Windows registry data

rem-file-extension
rem-file-description BlackBerry encrypted data

rep-file-extension
rep-file-description Report file

replay-file-extension
replay-file-description Rocket League game replay

rmvb-file-extension
rmvb-file-description RealMedia variable bitrate
rmvb-file-description Files with rmvb file extension might be found as multimedia files in Realmedia variable bitrate format.

rofl-file-extension
rofl-file-description League of Legends game replay file
rofl-file-description Files with rofl file extension are usually found in replay folders of the League of Legends battle arena video game.

rom-file-extension
rom-file-description Read Only Memory image

rpm-file-extension
rpm-file-description Linux package manager archive

rsc-file-extension
rsc-file-description Resource data

rss-file-extension
rss-file-description Really Simple Syndication - RSS file format

rtf-file-extension
rtf-file-description Rich Text Format document

rw2-file-extension
rw2-file-description Panasonic Lumix RAW image
rw2-file-description An rw2 file extension is used for RAW format saved from pictures taken with Panasonic Lumix digital camera. Usually RAW formats can be opened in specialized Photo editors and exported to another format, like JPG.

r-file-extension
r-file-description R script
r-file-description Files with r extension are in most cases script files written and saved in the R programming language.

r%2Ach-file-extension
r%2Ach-file-description BBEdit data
r%2Ach-file-description An r*ch file extension is related to the BBEdit software. An r*ch file contains data.

r0-file-extension
r0-file-description VirtualBox data
r0-file-description Files with r0 file extension may also be found as one of the files from VirtualBox virtualization software.

r0f-file-extension
r0f-file-description RingCentral fax document
r0f-file-description An r0f file extension is related to the RingCentral fax document file format.

r0z-file-extension
r0z-file-description RingCentral Fax Editor compressed fax document
r0z-file-description An r0z file extension is related to the RingCentral Fax Editor and used for its compressed fax documents.

r11-file-extension
r11-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 13)
r11-file-description An r11 file extension is associated with the RAR compression file format. An r11 file contains the 13th part of RAR split archive. In order to unpack the multi-volume RAR archive, you need to place ALL of the split parts in the same directory and start extraction of the first volume.

r12-file-extension
r12-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 14)
r12-file-description An r12 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 14).

r13-file-extension
r13-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 15)
r13-file-description An r13 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool and used for its split multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 15).

r14-file-extension
r14-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 16)
r14-file-description An r14 file extension is related to the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 16).

r15-file-extension
r15-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 17)
r15-file-description An r15 file extension is related to the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 17).

r16-file-extension
r16-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 18)
r16-file-description An r16 file extension is related to the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 18).

r16m01d05-file-extension
r16m01d05-file-description Ransomware affected data
r16m01d05-file-description An R16m01d05 file extension seems to be used by some types of ransomware.

r17-file-extension
r17-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 19)
r17-file-description An r17 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 19) files.

r18-file-extension
r18-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 20)
r18-file-description An r18 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 20) file.

r19-file-extension
r19-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 21)
r19-file-description An r19 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 21) file.

r1m-file-extension
r1m-file-description RealOne streaming media data
r1m-file-description An r1m file extension is related to the RealOne streaming media data format.

r1w-file-extension
r1w-file-description Reflection settings
r1w-file-description An r1w file extension is related to the Reflection, a terminal emulator. An r1w file contains settings.

r20-file-extension
r20-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 22)
r20-file-description An r20 file extension is related to the twenty second part of the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 22).

r21-file-extension
r21-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 23)
r21-file-description Files with r21 extension are mainly RAR archives, or rather it is one part of a big RAR archive. You will need all the parts in order to extract the data.

r22-file-extension
r22-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 24)
r22-file-description The .r22 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 22).

r23-file-extension
r23-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 25)
r23-file-description An r23 file extension is traditionally used for older RAR split multi volume archives. A single archive split to many pieces so they could be more easily downloaded / transferred. In the days of floppy disks, this was a pretty common practice. An r23 represents the second part, the first having rar/exe file extension. In order to extract the content of this archive, you first need to put all pieces to single directory and extract the first archive.

r24-file-extension
r24-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 26)
r24-file-description The .r24 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 24).

r25-file-extension
r25-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 27)
r25-file-description File with r25 file extension is one part of a multi-volume RAR archive. You will need all parts in order to decompress the whole archive.

r26-file-extension
r26-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 28)
r26-file-description An r26 file extension is related to the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 28) files.

r27-file-extension
r27-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 29)
r27-file-description An r27 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool and used for its 29th part of split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

r28-file-extension
r28-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 30)
r28-file-description An r28 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool. An r28 file contains split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 30).

r29-file-extension
r29-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 31)
r29-file-description An r29 file extension is related to Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 31).

r2a-file-extension
r2a-file-description Yamaha RS7000 all data
r2a-file-description Files with r2a file extension can be found as data from Yamaha RS7000 devices.

r2d-file-extension
r2d-file-description RISA-2D data
r2d-file-description A .r2d file extension is related to the RISA-2D tool.

r2k-file-extension
r2k-file-description Repertoire 2000 music database
r2k-file-description Files with r2k file extension an be found as music databases for Repertoire 2000 repertoire music cataloging system.

r2lang-file-extension
r2lang-file-description Rainlendar2 language data
r2lang-file-description An r2lang file extension is related to the Rainlendar software. An r2lang file stores language localization data.

r2lic-file-extension
r2lic-file-description Rainlendar license
r2lic-file-description An r2lic file extension is related to the Rainlendar software. An r2lic file contains license information

r2skin-file-extension
r2skin-file-description Rainlendar2 skin
r2skin-file-description An r2skin file extension is related to the Rainlendar2 software. An r2skin file contains skin.

r2skin-addon-file-extension
r2skin-addon-file-description Rainlendar skin
r2skin-addon-file-description An r2skin-addon file extension is related to the Rainlendar software for Windows.

r2v3-file-extension
r2v3-file-description Adobe Streamline file
r2v3-file-description Detailed description

r2w-file-extension
r2w-file-description Reflection settings
r2w-file-description Files with r2w suffix can be mainly found as some sort of settings for Reflection terminal emulator.

r30-file-extension
r30-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 32)
r30-file-description An r30 file extension is used by the WinRAR compression utility for multi-volume archive. An r30 file extension indicates that it is the thirty second part of the multi-volume archive. You need all parts of split archive to successfully extract all its contents. So many parts were used mainly in the days of floppy disks, when large archives were split to 1,44 Mb to fit exactly on the medium.

r31-file-extension
r31-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 33)
r31-file-description An r31 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool. An r31 file stores Split Multi-volume RAR compressed archive (part 33).

r32-file-extension
r32-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 34)
r32-file-description An r32 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression utility for Microsoft Windows. An r32 file stores 34th part of the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

r33-file-extension
r33-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 35)
r33-file-description An r33 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 35).

r34-file-extension
r34-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 36)
r34-file-description An r34 file extension is related to the WinRAR, a data compression tool. An r34 file contains a thirty sixth part of split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 36).

r35-file-extension
r35-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 37)
r35-file-description An r35 file extension is related to thirty seventh part of split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 37).

r36-file-extension
r36-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 38)
r36-file-description An r36 file extension is related to the thirty eights part of the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 38).

r37-file-extension
r37-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 39)
r37-file-description An r37 file extension is related to the WinRAR and used for its split multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 39).

r38-file-extension
r38-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 40)
r38-file-description An r38 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool for Windows and sued for its split multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 40).

r39-file-extension
r39-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 41)
r39-file-description An r39 file extension is related to WinRAR compression utility for Windows. An r39 file stores forty first part of the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 41).

r3a-file-extension
r3a-file-description RS7000 sample data
r3a-file-description An r3a file extension is related to the RS7000 music composing software. An r3a file contains sample data.

r3d-file-extension
r3d-file-description REDCODE multimedia data
r3d-file-description Files with r3d file extension are multimedia files recorded using Red Digital Cinema cameras.

r3f-file-extension
r3f-file-description SAP R/3 form data
r3f-file-description An r3f file extension is related to the SAP R/3 form data file format.

r3p-file-extension
r3p-file-description Yamaha RS7000 data
r3p-file-description Files with r3p file extension can be found in Yamaha RS7000 music production studio.

r3t-file-extension
r3t-file-description RealNetworks RealText data
r3t-file-description An r3t file extension is associated with the RealText from RealNetworks. An r3t file contains data.

r40-file-extension
r40-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 42)
r40-file-description An r40 file extension is related to the WinRAR, a split multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 42).

r41-file-extension
r41-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 43)
r41-file-description An r41 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 43).

r42-file-extension
r42-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 44)
r42-file-description An r42 file extension is related to the forty-fourth part of a split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 44).

r43-file-extension
r43-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 45)
r43-file-description An r43 file extension is related to the forty fifth part of the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 45).

r44-file-extension
r44-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 46)
r44-file-description An r44 file extension is related to the split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 46).

r45-file-extension
r45-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 47)
r45-file-description An r45 file extension is related to the forty seventh part of the split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive.

r46-file-extension
r46-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed archive (part 46)
r46-file-description A r46 file extension is associated with WinRAR. Its one part of a multi-volume compressed RAR archive, part number 46.

r47-file-extension
r47-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 49)
r47-file-description An r47 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 49).

r48-file-extension
r48-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive  (part 50)
r48-file-description An r48 file extension is related to the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archives (part 50).

r49-file-extension
r49-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 51)
r49-file-description An r49 file extension is related to the split multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 51).

r50-file-extension
r50-file-description Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 50)
r50-file-description An r50 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume RAR compressed file archive (part 52) file.

r51-file-extension
r51-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r51-file-description An r51 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression tool and used for its multi-volume archives.

r52-file-extension
r52-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r52-file-description An r52 file extension is associated with the RAR multi-volume archives.

r53-file-extension
r53-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r53-file-description An r53 file extension is related to the RAR compression file format and used for its multi-volume archives.

r54-file-extension
r54-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r54-file-description An r54 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression utility.

r55-file-extension
r55-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r55-file-description An r55 file extension is associated with the RAR a multi-volume archives.

r56-file-extension
r56-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r56-file-description An r56 file extension is related to the WinRAR and used for its multi-volume archives.

r57-file-extension
r57-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r57-file-description An r57 file extension is used by the WiRAR for its multi-volume archives.

r58-file-extension
r58-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r58-file-description An r58 file extension is associated with the RAR multi-volume archives.

r59-file-extension
r59-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r59-file-description An r59 file extension is related to the RAR multi-volume archives.

r5a-file-extension
r5a-file-description 7ev3n ransomware affected file
r5a-file-description Files with r5a extension can be found as encrypted and renamed archives affected by the 7ev3n ransomware.

r60-file-extension
r60-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r60-file-description An r60 file extension is associated with the multi-volume archives created by RAR compression tool.

r61-file-extension
r61-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r61-file-description An r61 file extension is related to the WinRAR and used for its multi-volume archives.

r62-file-extension
r62-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r62-file-description A .r62 file extension is associated with the RAR and WinRAR compression utilities. An r62 file stores a part of multi-volume archives.

r63-file-extension
r63-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r63-file-description An r63 file extension is related to the RAR compression program and it is used for its compressed multi-volume archives.

r64-file-extension
r64-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r64-file-description An r64 file extension is related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r65-file-extension
r65-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r65-file-description An r65 file extension is related to the RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive.

r66-file-extension
r66-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r66-file-description An r66 file extension is associated with the RAR compression file format used by RAR and WinRAR compression tools. An r66 file contains part of a multi-volume archive.

r67-file-extension
r67-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r67-file-description An r67 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression utility for Windows and used for its compressed multi-volume archives.

r68-file-extension
r68-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r68-file-description An r68 file extension is related to the RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archives.

r69-file-extension
r69-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r69-file-description An r69 file extension is related to the RAR data compression format used by WinRAR and RAR data compression tools.

r70-file-extension
r70-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r70-file-description An r70 file extension is related to the RAR data compression file format developed by Eugene Roshal in 1993.

r71-file-extension
r71-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r71-file-description The r71 file extension is related to the RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archives.

r72-file-extension
r72-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r72-file-description An r72 file extension is related to the RAR compressed multi-volume archives.

r73-file-extension
r73-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r73-file-description An r73 file extension is related to the WinRAR and RAR data compression tools. An r73 file stores a part of multi-volume archive.

r74-file-extension
r74-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r74-file-description An r74 file stores a part of a compressed multi-volume archive created by the RAR/WinRAR compression tools.

r75-file-extension
r75-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r75-file-description An r75 file extension is associated with the WinRAR a Windows compression tool. An r75 file contains a part of multi-volume archive.

r76-file-extension
r76-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r76-file-description An r76 file extension is related to the RAR compression file format introduced in 1993 by Eugene Roshal. An r76 file contains a part of RAR multi-volume archive.

r77-file-extension
r77-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r77-file-description An r77 file extension is related to the RAR and WinRAR compression tools for DOS and Windows. An .r77 file contains a multi-volume data archive.

r78-file-extension
r78-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r78-file-description An r78 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression utility. An r78 file stores a part of multi-volume archive.

r79-file-extension
r79-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r79-file-description An r79 file extension is related to the WinRAR and RAR data compression apps. An r79 file stores a part of multi-volume archive.

r8-file-extension
r8-file-description RAW graphics file
r8-file-description Files with r8 extension are known as graphics files created by RAW.

r80-file-extension
r80-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r80-file-description An r80 file extension is associated with the RAR compression file format and used for its multi-volume archives.

r81-file-extension
r81-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r81-file-description An r81 file extension is related to the RAR and WinRAR data compression programs. An r81 file stores a part of multi-volume archive.

r82-file-extension
r82-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r82-file-description Files with r82 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r83-file-extension
r83-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r83-file-description The .r83 file extension is associated with the RAR compression file format used by RAR and WinRAR compression tools. The .r83 file contains part of a multi-volume archive.

r84-file-extension
r84-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r84-file-description Files with r84 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.0

r85-file-extension
r85-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r85-file-description Files with r85 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r86-file-extension
r86-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r86-file-description Files with r86 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r87-file-extension
r87-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r87-file-description Files with r87 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r88-file-extension
r88-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r88-file-description Files with r88 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r89-file-extension
r89-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r89-file-description An r89 file extension is related to the WinRAR, a data compression tool for Microsoft Windows and other platforms. An r89 file stores a part of multi-volume archive.

r8%3F-file-extension
r8%3F-file-description Microsoft Word for DOS font file
r8%3F-file-description Files with r8? extension are used by Microsoft Word program. They are known as font files.

r90-file-extension
r90-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r90-file-description An r90 file extension is related to the WinRAR. An r90 file contains a part of a multi-volume archive.

r91-file-extension
r91-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r91-file-description Files with r91 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r92-file-extension
r92-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r92-file-description Files with r92 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r93-file-extension
r93-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r93-file-description Files with r93 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r94-file-extension
r94-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r94-file-description Files with r94 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r95-file-extension
r95-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r95-file-description An r95 file extension is related to the WinRAR, a compression tool for Microsoft Windows operating system. An r95 file stores a part of split-volume RAR archive.

r96-file-extension
r96-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r96-file-description An r96 file extension is related to the part of RAR multi-volume archive.

r97-file-extension
r97-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r97-file-description Files with r97 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

r98-file-extension
r98-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r98-file-description An r98 file extension is related to the WinRAR a data compression tool for Microsoft Windows. An .r98 file stores part of WinRAR multi-volume archive.

r99-file-extension
r99-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
r99-file-description Files with r99 extension are related to the RAR/WinRAR compression utilities and used for a part of multi-volume archives.

ra-file-extension
ra-file-description RealAudio audio
ra-file-description An ra file extension is related to the RealAudio sound file format, developed by RealNetworks.

ra2-file-extension
ra2-file-description Flare RAW data
ra2-file-description An ra2 file extension is related to the Flare for Mac graphic editing tool. An ra2 file stores RAW image created by Flare.

ra3autosave-file-extension
ra3autosave-file-description Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 saved game
ra3autosave-file-description The ra3autosave file extension is related to Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 and used for its saved game files.

ra3campaign-file-extension
ra3campaign-file-description Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 saved game
ra3campaign-file-description An ra3campaign file extension is related to the Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 video game. An ra3campaign file stores saved game.

ra3replay-file-extension
ra3replay-file-description Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 replay file
ra3replay-file-description The ra3replay file is used for Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 game replays.

ra3skirmish-file-extension
ra3skirmish-file-description Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 skirmish map file
ra3skirmish-file-description Files with ra3skirmish extension are use by the Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 computer strategy game.

raa-file-extension
raa-file-description Maya Exporter RiTE ASCII animation
raa-file-description Files with raa suffix may be found as ASCII based animation files generated using the Maya Exporter.

rab-file-extension
rab-file-description Encyclopedia Britannica 2002 Deluxe Edition data
rab-file-description A rab file extension is related to the Encyclopedia Britannica 2002 Deluxe Edition. A rab file stores some kind of data.

rac-file-extension
rac-file-description Conversation with Racter data
rac-file-description Files with rac file suffix are related to the Conversation with Racter data. Racter was was artificial intelligence simulator.

rad-file-extension
rad-file-description Reality AdLib Tracker 2 audio data
rad-file-description Files with rad file extension might also be found as old audio files in AdLib Tracker 2-op FM music format.

radiumkey2-file-extension
radiumkey2-file-description Radium registration file
radiumkey2-file-description Detailed description

radius-file-extension
radius-file-description Ruby-Radius scipt
radius-file-description Files with .radius file extension can be found as scripts made using Ruby-Radius.

rae-file-extension
rae-file-description TrueZIP encrypted ZIP archive file
rae-file-description Files with rae extension are used by the TrueZip java based plug-in.

raes-file-extension
raes-file-description TrueZIP encrypted ZIP archive
raes-file-description A raes file extension is related to the TrueZIP, a Java plug-in used to access to archive files. A raes file stores encrypted ZIP archive.

rag-file-extension
rag-file-description RAM Advanse generator data
rag-file-description A rag file extension is related to the RAM Advanse, an analyzing and design tool. A rag file stores some kind of data.

rai-file-extension
rai-file-description SPEFO data
rai-file-description A rai file extension is related to the SPEFO, a program used for processing stellar spectra.

raid10-file-extension
raid10-file-description Globe [variant] ransomware affected file
raid10-file-description Files with raid10 suffix can be typically found as encrypted and renamed files affected by the Globe ransomware.

rak-file-extension
rak-file-description Sensor+ CEM+ rack configuration
rak-file-description Files with rak extension can be usually encountered as configuration data files for Sensor+ CEM+ software.

rake-file-extension
rake-file-description Ruby makefile
rake-file-description A .rake file extension is associated with the Ruby programming language and used for its makefiles.

rakefile-file-extension
rakefile-file-description Ruby makefile
rakefile-file-description A rakefile file extension is related to the Ruby programming language and used for its makefiles.

ral-file-extension
ral-file-description WinRail track design file
ral-file-description Files with ral extension are used for the WinRail application. They include design data.

ram-file-extension
ram-file-description Real Audio metafile
ram-file-description Files with ram file extension can be usually found as special audio meta files for RealAudio sound files.

ramd-file-extension
ramd-file-description Repeat after me document
ramd-file-description Detailed description

raml-file-extension
raml-file-description RESTful API Modeling Language document
raml-file-description A raml file extension is related to the API Designer, a web editing program. A raml file stores document.

ran-file-extension
ran-file-description Dexterpen file
ran-file-description Files with ran suffix may be occasionally found as old CAD files produced in a program called Dexterpen.

rao-file-extension
rao-file-description ReadAllOver data
rao-file-description A rao file extension is related to the ReadAllOver application.

rap-file-extension
rap-file-description Magix Music Studio rap data
rap-file-description A rap file extension is related to music composing software called Magix Music Studio.

rapc-file-extension
rapc-file-description Java 2 ME unit data
rapc-file-description An rapc file extension is related to the BlackBerry Java Development Environment.

rar1-file-extension
rar1-file-description RAR archive
rar1-file-description Files with rar1 extension are some uncommon variant of standard RAR archive created using WinRAR compression tool.

rar5-file-extension
rar5-file-description WinRAR 5 compressed archive
rar5-file-description An rar5 file extension is related to the WinRAR compression utility and it is used to identify WinRAR 5 compressed archives.

rare1-file-extension
rare1-file-description Merry X-Mas ransomware affected file
rare1-file-description Files with RARE1 suffix are files that have been encrypted and renamed by the Merry X-Mas ransomware.

rarenx-file-extension
rarenx-file-description Egis encrypted RAR archive
rarenx-file-description Files with rarenx file extension are RAR archives encrypted in Egis program.

rargb-file-extension
rargb-file-description Warez movie
rargb-file-description Files with rargb suffix are usually movies downloaded from P2P networks (torrents). RARGB is not actually extension, but part of the file name to label the group.

rarx-file-extension
rarx-file-description Renamed RAR archive
rarx-file-description An rarx file extension is related to WinRAR compression archive. An rarx file stores compressed data. The rarx extension is uncommon, the default is rar.

ras-file-extension
ras-file-description Sun raster bitmap
ras-file-description Files with ras extension can be mainly found as raster images in a format developed for Sun UNIX platforms.

raskinlicense-file-extension
raskinlicense-file-description Raskin for Mac license file
raskinlicense-file-description Files with RASKINLICENSE extension might be found as part of Raskin for Mac program and used for its default license format.

raskinplace-file-extension
raskinplace-file-description Raskin place settings
raskinplace-file-description Files with raskinplace file extension might be found as part of Raskin app for Mac. Place settings.

rast-file-extension
rast-file-description Sun raster bitmap image
rast-file-description A rast file extension is related to the Sun raster bitmap image format.

rasterw-file-extension
rasterw-file-description Unknown file extension
rasterw-file-description Files with rasterw file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

rat-file-extension
rat-file-description RATS data
rat-file-description A rat file extension is related to the RATS and used for its data files.

ratdvd-file-extension
ratdvd-file-description ratDVD commpressed DVD movie
ratdvd-file-description A ratdvd file extension is related to ratDVD a backup solution that allows users to create compressed images of DVD-video disks.

rav-file-extension
rav-file-description FIFA 2001 environment data
rav-file-description Files with rav file extension can be found as game files from FIFA 2001 soccer game.

ravi-file-extension
ravi-file-description Optris recorded video
ravi-file-description Files with ravi file extension can be found as videos recorded in the Optris PI thermal imager.

rawa-file-extension
rawa-file-description RAW audio
rawa-file-description A rawa file extension is related to the RAW audio file format used by some AVI video utilities.

rawpkt-file-extension
rawpkt-file-description Colasoft Capsa capture data
rawpkt-file-description A rawpkt file extension is related to the Colasoft Capsa capture data format.

rawraw-file-extension
rawraw-file-description SageThumbs raw image
rawraw-file-description A rawraw file extension is related to the SageThumbs, a shell extension for Microsoft Windows Explorer.

rax-file-extension
rax-file-description RealMedia streaming data
rax-file-description A rax file extension is associated with the RealMedia multimedia format developed by RealNetworks.

ray-file-extension
ray-file-description Rayshade picture image file
ray-file-description Files with ray extension are used by Rayshade program. They include picture image data.

razersynapse-file-extension
razersynapse-file-description Razer Synapse settings file
razersynapse-file-description Files with razersynapse file extension can be found as setting files from Razer Synapse configuration program.

razy-file-extension
razy-file-description Razy ransomware affected data
razy-file-description Files with razy file extension may be found as encrypted files of all kinds that were affected by the Razy ransomware.

ra_-file-extension
ra_-file-description Resco Photo Viewer thumbnail cache
ra_-file-description An ra_ file extension is related to the Resco Photo Viewer thumbnail cache format.

rb-file-extension
rb-file-description Ruby script
rb-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe RB file extension!

rb0-file-extension
rb0-file-description Trend AntiVirus backup data
rb0-file-description An rb0 file extension is related to the Trend AntiVirus and used for its backup data.

rb1-file-extension
rb1-file-description R:Base data
rb1-file-description An rb1 file extension is related to the R:Base database management system. An rb1 file contains data for R:Base.

rb2-file-extension
rb2-file-description R:Base data
rb2-file-description An rb2 file extension is related to the R:Base, a database engine. An rb2 file stores data.

rb3-file-extension
rb3-file-description R:BASE data
rb3-file-description An rb3 file extension is related to the R:BASE and used for its data files.

rb4-file-extension
rb4-file-description Trend AntiVirus backup
rb4-file-description An rb4 file extension is related to the Trend AntiVirus software for Windows.

rba-file-extension
rba-file-description RegexBuddy regular expression data
rba-file-description An rba file extension is related to the RegexBuddy regular expression data format.

rbb-file-extension
rbb-file-description Top Secret Crypto Gold random bits bin data
rbb-file-description An rbb file extension is related to the Top Secret Crypto Gold program. An rbb file contains random bits bin data.

rbc-file-extension
rbc-file-description Easy Resume Creator Pro resume
rbc-file-description Files with rbc file extension may be usually encountered as resumes made and saved using Easy Resume Creator Pro.

rbd-file-extension
rbd-file-description DVD Rebuilder data
rbd-file-description An rbd file extension is associated with the DVD Rebuilder software.

rbdf-file-extension
rbdf-file-description Reading for the Blind and Dyslexic audio book with text file
rbdf-file-description Files with rbdf extension are known as an audio and sound files.

rbe-file-extension
rbe-file-description RealView Development Suite debugger properties
rbe-file-description An rbe file extension is associated with the RealView Development Suite debugger properties.

rbf-file-extension
rbf-file-description Microsoft Windows rollback script
rbf-file-description An rbf file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows operating system for IBM PC computers. An rbf file contains rollback script.

rbg-file-extension
rbg-file-description RegexBuddy GREP action data
rbg-file-description An rbg file extension is related to the RegexBuddy and used for its GREP action files.

rbh-file-extension
rbh-file-description RBH Access Technologies firmware
rbh-file-description Files with rbh file extension are firmware flash upgrades for RBH Access Technologies controllers.

rbi-file-extension
rbi-file-description eBahn Reader data
rbi-file-description An rbi file extension is related to the eBahn Reader a software for Microsoft Windows.

rbj-file-extension
rbj-file-description Extra Redcode Kit compiled redcode object file
rbj-file-description The rbj extension files are related to Extra Redcode Kit software. They include some compiled object data.

rbk-file-extension
rbk-file-description Microsoft Windows 95 registry backup
rbk-file-description An rbk file extension is related to the Windows 95 operating system. An rbk file stores registry backup.

rbl-file-extension
rbl-file-description RegexBuddy library
rbl-file-description An rbl file extension is related to the RegexBuddy software. An rbl file contains library.

rblx-file-extension
rblx-file-description ROBLOX game data
rblx-file-description An rblx file extension is related to the ROBLOX software and used for its game data files.

rbm-file-extension
rbm-file-description Propellerhead ReBirth Modulation v2.0 data
rbm-file-description An rbm file extension is related to ReBirth software synthesizer for Windows and Mac developed by Propellerhead in 1999. The official support was discontinued in September 2005.

rbn-file-extension
rbn-file-description Richard’s Bridge Notation file
rbn-file-description Files with rbn suffix are bridge files in Richard’s Bridge Notation format. Special text format.

rbo-file-extension
rbo-file-description REALbasic class
rbo-file-description Files with rbo file extension are classes from REALbasic software.

rbp-file-extension
rbp-file-description REALbasic project
rbp-file-description An rbp file extension is related to the REALbasic and used for its project files.

rbr-file-extension
rbr-file-description NICE Wordnet backup file
rbr-file-description Files with rbr extension are used for Wordnet digital communication recording devices. They contain backups data.

rbs-file-extension
rbs-file-description RealiMation 3D object
rbs-file-description Some files with rbs file extension can also be 3D graphic files saved in RealiMation software.

rbt-file-extension
rbt-file-description Lego MINDSTORMS NXT program
rbt-file-description Files with rbt file extension can be typically found as robot programs made using Lego MINDSTORMS NXT programming tool for Lego robots.

rbtx-file-extension
rbtx-file-description NXT Create Pack & Go package
rbtx-file-description Files with rbtx file extension might be found as packages for LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT.

rbvcp-file-extension
rbvcp-file-description Real Studio project
rbvcp-file-description An rbvcp file extension is related to the Real Studio and used for its project files.

rbw-file-extension
rbw-file-description Ruby data
rbw-file-description Files with rbw file extension can be found as scripts in Ruby programming language.

rbx-file-extension
rbx-file-description IBM Rembo-C compiled script
rbx-file-description An rbx file extension is related to the IBM Rembo-C compiled scripts.

rbxl-file-extension
rbxl-file-description ROBLOX game data
rbxl-file-description An rbxl file extension is related to the ROBLOX game files.

rbxlx-file-extension
rbxlx-file-description ROBLOX XML place information
rbxlx-file-description An rbxlx file extension is related to the ROBLOX, an MMORPG and game creation system. An rbxlx file stores place information in XML.

rbxm-file-extension
rbxm-file-description ROBLOX model
rbxm-file-description An rbxm file extension is related to video games developed by ROBLOX. An rbxm file stores model.

rbxs-file-extension
rbxs-file-description ROBLOX script
rbxs-file-description An rbxs file extension is related to the ROBLOX and used for its script files.

rbz-file-extension
rbz-file-description Rail Baron Player saved game
rbz-file-description An rbz file extension is related to the Rail Baron Player and used for its game files.

rc1-file-extension
rc1-file-description Samsung S5230 firmware
rc1-file-description Files with rc1 file extension are firmware files for Samsung S5230 mobile phone. Used to update the device.

rc2-file-extension
rc2-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio non-compilable resource script
rc2-file-description An rc2 file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio, an integrated development tool. An rc2 file stores resource script.

rc3-file-extension
rc3-file-description Visual C resource data
rc3-file-description An .rc3 file extension is associated with the Visual C 98 and used for its resource files.

rc4-file-extension
rc4-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator 2004 customisation data
rc4-file-description An rc4 file extension is related to the Microsoft Flight Simulator 2004. An rc4 file contains customization data.

rca-file-extension
rca-file-description RCA digital recorder format
rca-file-description Files with rca file extension is mainly related to a digital recorder format. Seems like obsolete format.

rcb-file-extension
rcb-file-description Ripple Chat Bot document file
rcb-file-description An rcb file extension is related to the Ripple Chat Bot and used for its document files.

rcc-file-extension
rcc-file-description Resource script
rcc-file-description Files with rcc extension can be most often found as resource scrips for C and C++ compilers.

rcd-file-extension
rcd-file-description pcAnywhere recorded session data
rcd-file-description An rcd file extension is related to the pcAnywhere and used for its recorded session data.

rcf-file-extension
rcf-file-description Prototype game data
rcf-file-description Files with rcf file extension are mainly game archives for the Prototype computer game or configuration files for Colin McRae computer game.

rcg-file-extension
rcg-file-description Netscape newsgroup data
rcg-file-description An rcg file extension is related to the Netscape software. An rcg file stores newsgroups data.

rch-file-extension
rch-file-description SWAT reach output file
rch-file-description Files with rch extension is used for the SWAT. They include output data.

rcl-file-extension
rcl-file-description Easy CD and DVD Creator project
rcl-file-description An rcl file extension is related to the Easy CD and DVD Creator (now Roxio Creator). An rcl file stores project.

rcm-file-extension
rcm-file-description Logos Library System verse map
rcm-file-description Files with rcm file suffix might be related to Logos Library System and used for one of its default formats.

rcn-file-extension
rcn-file-description QRacing track data
rcn-file-description Files with rcn file extension might be found as track files from QRacing software.

rco-file-extension
rco-file-description Sony PlayStation Portable PSP resource file
rco-file-description Files with rco suffix can be usually found on Sony PSP gaming consoles. Resource file that contain system information, sounds, icons, and other theme graphics.

rcolor-file-extension
rcolor-file-description Rhino 3D color file
rcolor-file-description The rcolor file extension is related to the Rhino 3D a modeling tool for Windows and Mac.

rcp-file-extension
rcp-file-description Recomposer MIDI sequencer music data
rcp-file-description Files with rcp file extension can be found as MIDI sequencer files from older Recomposer software by Come-On Music.

rcproject-file-extension
rcproject-file-description iMovie project
rcproject-file-description Files with rcproject file extension can be found as projects from the Apple iMovie video editing software. Probably used in one of the previous versions of the program.

rcq-file-extension
rcq-file-description RESTClient requests data
rcq-file-description An rcq file extension is related to the RESTClient and used for its requests files.

rcr-file-extension
rcr-file-description SAP data
rcr-file-description An rcr file extension is related to the SAP Business software. An rcr file stores some kind of data.

rcrec-file-extension
rcrec-file-description LogMeIn PRO remote control session recording
rcrec-file-description Files with rcrec file extension are related to the LogMeIn PRO application. An rcrec file contains remote control session recording.

rcs-file-extension
rcs-file-description Colin McRae Rally saved game
rcs-file-description An rcs file extension is related to the Colin McRae Rally a car racing video game. An .rcs file stores saved game position.

rct-file-extension
rct-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio resource template
rct-file-description An rct file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool. An rct file contains resource template.

rcu-file-extension
rcu-file-description RealWorld Cursor Editor cursor data
rcu-file-description An rcu file extension is related to the RealWorld Cursor Editor and used for its cursor files.

rcut-file-extension
rcut-file-description Webinaria recording data
rcut-file-description An rcut file extension is associated with the Webinaria program for Microsoft Windows.

rcv-file-extension
rcv-file-description Eudora temporary download
rcv-file-description Files with rcv file extension can be found as some sort of unfinished download file from Eudora by QUALCOMM Incorporated.

rcx-file-extension
rcx-file-description Lego Mindstorms data
rcx-file-description An rcx file extension is related to the LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT, a robotic kit and programming software. An rcx file contains data.

rcy-file-extension
rcy-file-description ReCycle audio loop
rcy-file-description An rcy file extension is related to the ReCycle, an audio composing tool. An rcy file stores audio loops.

rd-file-extension
rd-file-description Reaction-data file
rd-file-description An rd file extension is related to the Reaction-data file format introduced by MDL Information Systems.

rd1-file-extension
rd1-file-description DATAIR data
rd1-file-description An rd1 file extension is related to the DATAIR. An rd1 file contains data.

rd2-file-extension
rd2-file-description TOCA Race Driver 2 saved game
rd2-file-description An rd2 file extension is related to the TOCA Race Driver 2, a car racing video game. An rd2 file contains saved game.

rd3-file-extension
rd3-file-description CorelDRAW CorelDream 3D data
rd3-file-description Files with rd3 file extension are related to the CorelDRAW CorelDream 3D data format.

rd3f-file-extension
rd3f-file-description CorelDRAW CorelDream 3D file
rd3f-file-description Detailed description

rd3x-file-extension
rd3x-file-description Reflection Desktop data
rd3x-file-description An rd3x file extension is related to the Reflection Desktop, a terminal emulation software. An rd3x file stores data.

rd4a-file-extension
rd4a-file-description Ray Dream Studio
rd4a-file-description Detailed description

rd4f-file-extension
rd4f-file-description Ray Dream 4 model file
rd4f-file-description Detailed description

rd5-file-extension
rd5-file-description Autodesk road aligment data
rd5-file-description Files with rd5 file extension can be found as road alignment data files for AutoCAD Land Desktop.

rda-file-extension
rda-file-description ANNO game data package
rda-file-description An rda file extension is related to ANNO series of building strategy games from Ubisoft.

rdar-file-extension
rdar-file-description Reflection Desktop customization archive
rdar-file-description An rdar file extension is related to the Reflection Desktop and used for its customization archive.

rdat-file-extension
rdat-file-description RNA Data (RDAT) format
rdat-file-description An rdat file extension is related to the RNA Data (RDAT) file format that is used to specify RNA structure mapping experiments.

rdata-file-extension
rdata-file-description R for Windows data
rdata-file-description An rdata file extension is related to the R programming language for Windows.

rdb-file-extension
rdb-file-description Netscape Communicator AIM data
rdb-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe RDB file extension!

rdc-file-extension
rdc-file-description IBM Voice Type languages scripts data
rdc-file-description An rdc file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type, a dictation program. An rdc file stores scripts data.

rdd-file-extension
rdd-file-description ALTA data
rdd-file-description An rdd file extension is related to the ALTA and Weibull++ applications.

rde-file-extension
rde-file-description Painkiller Overdose game data
rde-file-description An rde file extension is related to the Painkiller Overdose 3D first person shooter. An rde file contains game data.

rdf-file-extension
rdf-file-description Resource Description Framework RSS feed
rdf-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe RDF file extension!

rdfs-file-extension
rdfs-file-description SemanticWorks data
rdfs-file-description An rdfs file extension is related to the SemanticWorks software and used for its data files.

rdg-file-extension
rdg-file-description Morae recorded video file
rdg-file-description Files with rdg extension are quite found as proprietary video recordings created using Morae usability testing software.

rdi-file-extension
rdi-file-description Device independent bitmap format
rdi-file-description An rdi file extension is related to the device independent bitmap format.

rdk-file-extension
rdk-file-description Blackberry RDK data
rdk-file-description The rdk files are related to RIM client registration files for Blackberry devices.

rdl-file-extension
rdl-file-description Corel Paradox data
rdl-file-description An rdl file extension is related to the Corel Paradox and used for its data files.

rdlc-file-extension
rdlc-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio report definition
rdlc-file-description Files with rdlc file extension might be found as report definitions generated by Microsoft Visual Studio.

rdlx-file-extension
rdlx-file-description Microsoft Power View project
rdlx-file-description Files with rdlx suffix can be mostly found as projects from the Microsoft Power View utility for creating ad hoc reports for SQL Server.

rdm-file-extension
rdm-file-description Remote Desktop Manager exported entries
rdm-file-description Files with rdm suffix can be mostly found as exported entries from Remote Desktop Manager tool from Devolutions.

rdmj-file-extension
rdmj-file-description Remote Desktop Manager session
rdmj-file-description An rdmj file extension is related to the Remote Desktop Manager and used for its session files.

rdml-file-extension
rdml-file-description Real-time PCR Data Markup Language format
rdml-file-description Files with rdml file suffix are associated with the Real-time PCR Data Markup Language format.

rdn-file-extension
rdn-file-description OpenSSL temporary data
rdn-file-description An rdn file extension is related to the OpenSSL toolkit. The rdn file contains temporary data.

rdo-file-extension
rdo-file-description Oracle Database redo log
rdo-file-description An rdo file extension is related to redo log files used by Oracle Database program. A redo log records changes made to the Oracle database.

rdoc-file-extension
rdoc-file-description RubyDoc script
rdoc-file-description Files with rdoc extension are generally scripts or documents written in the RubyDoc language. Used to create HTML documentation.

rdoc_options-file-extension
rdoc_options-file-description RDoc option data
rdoc_options-file-description An rdoc_options file extension is related to the RDoc, a documentation preparation system for Ruby projects.

rdoff-file-extension
rdoff-file-description Netwide assembler file
rdoff-file-description Detailed description

rdp-file-extension
rdp-file-description Microsoft Windows Remote Desktop Connection settings
rdp-file-description Files with rdp extension might be mostly found as settings files from Microsoft Windows Remote Desktop Connection software.

rdr-file-extension
rdr-file-description Remote Desktop Manager report settings
rdr-file-description Files with rdr extension can be nowadays mostly encountered as settings from Remove Desktop Manager.

rds-file-extension
rds-file-description Ray Dream 3D animation
rds-file-description Files with rds file extension are in most cases 3D animations made using the Ray Dream software, which is now known as DAZ Studio.

rdt-file-extension
rdt-file-description Adobe Captivate RoboDemo template
rdt-file-description Files with rdt extension can be most often found as templates from the Adobe Captivate, a tool for creating demonstrations, simulations, quizzes etc.

rdv-file-extension
rdv-file-description NTgraph data
rdv-file-description An rdv file extension is related to the NTgraph, an OCX control used to plot 2D data.

rdw-file-extension
rdw-file-description Real-DRAW project
rdw-file-description Files with rdw extension might be found as projects done in Real-DRAW graphics editor.

rdx-file-extension
rdx-file-description Borland Reflex database
rdx-file-description An rdx file extension is associated with the Borland Reflex and used for its database files.

rdy-file-extension
rdy-file-description Ready Pro accounting data
rdy-file-description Files with rdy file extension can be found as accounting data files from the Ready Pro inventory management system.

rdz-file-extension
rdz-file-description RemoteDocs document
rdz-file-description Files with rdz file extension can be mainly found as documents from RemoteDocs on-line service.

re-file-extension
re-file-description Python Regular Expressions source code
re-file-description An re file extension is related to the Python programming language and used for its regular expressions source codes.

re2-file-extension
re2-file-description NEK5000 mesh file
re2-file-description Files with re2 extension are used for NEK5000. They include mesh data.

re3-file-extension
re3-file-description HNDR-S4824 backup data
re3-file-description Files with re3 file extension are related to the HNDR-S4824 backup data format.

re4-file-extension
re4-file-description Resident Evil 4 game data
re4-file-description Files with re4 extension can be mostly found as game resource files from Resident Evil 4 computer game, developed by CAPCOM.

re7-file-extension
re7-file-description Raiser's Edge data
re7-file-description An re7 file extension is related to the Raiser's Edge application from Blackbound.

rea-file-extension
rea-file-description readme text file
rea-file-description Files with rea extension are similar to readme file format files.

reachdrive-file-extension
reachdrive-file-description ReachDrive data
reachdrive-file-description Files with reachdrive file extension are associated with the ReachDrive.

readme-file-extension
readme-file-description README text document
readme-file-description Files with readme file extension are typically text documents with information about certain program or product.

real-file-extension
real-file-description Gnome Desktop data
real-file-description A real file extension is related to the Gnome Desktop and used for its data files.

realfs0ciety%40sigaint.org.fs0ciety-file-extension
realfs0ciety%40sigaint.org.fs0ciety-file-description Fsociety ransomware affected file
realfs0ciety%40sigaint.org.fs0ciety-file-description Files with realfs0ciety@sigaint.org.fs0ciety suffix are encrypted files affected by so called Fsociety ransomware.

reap-file-extension
reap-file-description WebReaper profile
reap-file-description A reap file extension is associated with the WebReaper, a web spider for Microsoft Windows operating system.

reapeaks-file-extension
reapeaks-file-description REAPER scratch data
reapeaks-file-description Files with reapeaks extension can be mainly found as temporary files from Reaper digital audio editing software.

reaxxionsavedgame-file-extension
reaxxionsavedgame-file-description Reaxxion saved game
reaxxionsavedgame-file-description The reaxxionsavedgame file extension is related to the Reaxxion saved game files.

reb-file-extension
reb-file-description REBOL script
reb-file-description A reb file extension is related to the REBOL programming language. A reb file contains script.

reco-file-extension
reco-file-description Evernote data
reco-file-description A reco file extension is related to the Evernote, a noting software. A reco file stores data.

record-file-extension
record-file-description Recorded audio data
record-file-description A record file extension is related to the recorded audio data format used by GarageBand Records.

recordmanifest-file-extension
recordmanifest-file-description Sony Xperia Android data
recordmanifest-file-description A recordmanifest file extension is related to Google Android from Sony Xperia smart phones.

recordnowsendtoext-file-extension
recordnowsendtoext-file-description Unknown file extension
recordnowsendtoext-file-description Files with recordnowsendtoext file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

rec_part0-file-extension
rec_part0-file-description Walker File format video
rec_part0-file-description Files with rec_part0 file extension can be most often found as video files recorded in special Walker File Format.

rec_part1-file-extension
rec_part1-file-description Walker File format video data
rec_part1-file-description A rec_part1 file extension is related to the Walker File format used to store recorded video data.

rec_part2-file-extension
rec_part2-file-description Walker File Format
rec_part2-file-description A rec_part2 file extension is related to the Walker File Format used to record digital video in SD and HD resolution.

rec_part3-file-extension
rec_part3-file-description Walker File Format
rec_part3-file-description A rec_part3 file extension is related to the Walker File Format that is used to store video data.

red-file-extension
red-file-description IBM Rational Rose module diagram
red-file-description A red file extension is related to the IBM Rational Rose module diagram format.

redir-file-extension
redir-file-description Spotify redirect data
redir-file-description A redir file extension is related to Spotify, a music streaming service and software for various platforms. A redir file stores spotify.exe redirect.

reference-file-extension
reference-file-description Budget In Brief application reference data
reference-file-description A reference file extension is related to the Budget In Brief application reference data format.

refi-file-extension
refi-file-description e-Sword reference iOS notes data
refi-file-description Files with refi file extension can be found as reference library note data files for the iOS version of e-Sword Bible study software.

reflector-file-extension
reflector-file-description .NET Reflector data
reflector-file-description A reflector file extension is related to the .NET Reflector and used for its data files.

refresh-file-extension
refresh-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio refresh file
refresh-file-description Files with refresh extension is used by Microsoft Visual Studio utility. It stores other files information about current project.

refx-file-extension
refx-file-description e-Sword reference library note
refx-file-description Files with refx file extension can be found as reference library note data files for e-Sword Bible study software.

reg-auto-file-extension
reg-auto-file-description WOW! registration data
reg-auto-file-description A reg-auto file extension is related to the WOW! registration data format.

regi-file-extension
regi-file-description Kagi registration module
regi-file-description An regi file extension is related to the Kagi an eCommerce solution. An regi file stores registration module.

regkey-file-extension
regkey-file-description Zoom Player data
regkey-file-description A regkey file extension is related to the Zoom Player a multimedia playback software.

regs-file-extension
regs-file-description Netscape registry data
regs-file-description A regs file extension is related to the Netscape Navigator and used for its registry files.

regtrans-ms-file-extension
regtrans-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows registry changes temporary data
regtrans-ms-file-description Files with .regtrans-ms file extension can be found as special temporary files for registry changes done by the user in Windows Vista and later versions. This dynamic mechanism is in place to prevent system registry corruption.

regularizer-file-extension
regularizer-file-description SAM transition regularizer file
regularizer-file-description The regularizer file extension is related to the SAM (Sequence Alignment and Modeling system). The *.regularizer file stores transition regularizer data.

reg_aq-file-extension
reg_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
reg_aq-file-description Files with reg_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

rej-file-extension
rej-file-description Mercurial reject
rej-file-description Files with rej file extension can be found as rejected source codes from Mercurial revision control tool.

reko-file-extension
reko-file-description RekoNet cardset file
reko-file-description The *.reko file extension is related to the RekoNet a card computer game. The *.reko file stores cardset.

rekt-file-extension
rekt-file-description RektLocker ransomware affected data
rekt-file-description Files with rekt file extension can be usually encountered as renamed files affected by the RektLocker ransomware.

rel-file-extension
rel-file-description Nintendo Wii relocatable module
rel-file-description Files with rel suffix may be often encountered as as part of programs or games for Nintendo Wii console. Some kind of module.

reloc-file-extension
reloc-file-description Microsoft Windows EXE relocation data
reloc-file-description A reloc file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A reloc file stores Microsoft Windows EXE relocation data.

rels-file-extension
rels-file-description Microsoft Open Office XML relationships data
rels-file-description A rels file extension is related to the Microsoft Open Office XML relationships file format.

remk-file-extension
remk-file-description STOP Ransomware variant
remk-file-description Files with remk extension are files that were encrypted and had their suffix renamed by one of the variants of STOP ransomware.

remotecodec-file-extension
remotecodec-file-description Reason remote codec data
remotecodec-file-description A remotecodec file extension is related to the Reason from Propellerhead Software AB.

remotemap-file-extension
remotemap-file-description Reason data
remotemap-file-description A remotemap file extension is related to the Reason and used for its files.

ren-file-extension
ren-file-description Renamed file
ren-file-description A ren file extension is related to the RENamed file extension. This can be done for many reasons, such as to prevent program to see this file, or to backup the file.

renderman-file-extension
renderman-file-description Pixar RenderMan 3.1 specification data
renderman-file-description A .renderman file extension is related to the RenderMan software. A .renderman file contains specification data.

renv-file-extension
renv-file-description Rhino 3D environment data
renv-file-description An renv file extension is related to the Rhino 3D and used for its 3D environment files.

repatch-file-extension
repatch-file-description Reason DCAM EnvShaper effect preset
repatch-file-description Files with .repatch file extension can be mainly found as saved effect presets from DCAM EnvShaper extension for Reason.

repl-file-extension
repl-file-description Ultimate Stunts replay
repl-file-description A repl file extension is associated with the Ultimate Stuts, a car racing computer game. A repl file stores replay.

replay_last_battle-file-extension
replay_last_battle-file-description World of Tanks last battle recording file
replay_last_battle-file-description replay_last_battle.wotreplay files are game replays saved in the World of Tanks computer game. When the extensions are hidden in Windows, users may think that replay_last_battle is a file extension, when in reality it is a file name.

repo-file-extension
repo-file-description UEStudio data
repo-file-description Files with repo file extension are related to the UEStudio software.

report-file-extension
report-file-description Report
report-file-description Files with .report file extension can be usually found as report logs generated by various programs.

repx-file-extension
repx-file-description XtraReports report definition
repx-file-description Files with repx file extension can be usually found as report definitions for XtraReports reporting tool.

req-file-extension
req-file-description FidoNet request data
req-file-description A req file extension is related to the FidoNet and used for its request files.

requestedfoldersharefile-file-extension
requestedfoldersharefile-file-description Unknown file extension
requestedfoldersharefile-file-description Files with requestedfoldersharefile file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

requestedwindowslivesyncfile-file-extension
requestedwindowslivesyncfile-file-description Windows Live Sync file
requestedwindowslivesyncfile-file-description The requestedwindowslivesyncfile file extension is related to the Windows Live Sync file format.

res-file-extension
res-file-description Delphi resource data
res-file-description Files with res file extension can be usually found as various resource packages, for example for Delphi developing tool.

res11-file-extension
res11-file-description Mike 11 result data
res11-file-description A res11 file extension is related to the MIKE program version 11. A res11 file stores result data.

resbuild-file-extension
resbuild-file-description ResBuild document
resbuild-file-description A files with resbuild file extension are associated with the ResBuild software.

resdex-file-extension
resdex-file-description Stronghold 3 resource file
resdex-file-description The RESDEX file extension is related to the Stronghold 3 a real time strategic computer game. The *.resdex file stores various game data.

resjson-file-extension
resjson-file-description Microsoft Windows 8 Metro JavaScript file
resjson-file-description Files with resjson extension are used for the Microsoft Windows 8 OS.

resmoncfg-file-extension
resmoncfg-file-description Microsoft Windows Resource Monitor settings
resmoncfg-file-description An resmoncfg file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Resource Monitor and used for its settings files.

resourceconfig-file-extension
resourceconfig-file-description Visual Studio resource configuration file
resourceconfig-file-description Files with RESOURCECONFIG extension might be found as resource configuration files from Microsoft Visual Studio.

resources-file-extension
resources-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio resource
resources-file-description A resources file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development software. A resources file contains resource data.

resp-file-extension
resp-file-description Microsoft Windows report log
resp-file-description A resp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system and used for its report log files.

ress-file-extension
ress-file-description Unity engine assets data file
ress-file-description Files with ress extension is related to various computer games files based on Unity game engine, that are used to store 3D graphics data.

rest-file-extension
rest-file-description reStructuredText data
rest-file-description A .rest file extension is related to the reStructuredText file format.

restorelist-file-extension
restorelist-file-description Microsoft Windows file system permission
restorelist-file-description A restorelist file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A .restorelist file is used to restore file system permissions.

restore_playlist-file-extension
restore_playlist-file-description Restored playlist
restore_playlist-file-description Files with restore_playlist file extension might be found as restored playlists. Probably from backup after crash.

resw-file-extension
resw-file-description Microsoft Windows 8 resources file
resw-file-description Files with resw extension are used by the Microsoft Windows 8 OS. They include settings data.

resx-file-extension
resx-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio .NET XML resource template
resx-file-description An resx file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio .NET development environment. An resx file contains XML resource template.

ret-file-extension
ret-file-description RETScreen project
ret-file-description A ret file extension is related to the RETScreen project file format.

reu-file-extension
reu-file-description Commodore C64 REU image
reu-file-description Files with reu file extension are related to VICE emulator of Commodore computers. A reu file contains image from REU.

rev-file-extension
rev-file-description WinRAR recovery volume file
rev-file-description A rev file extension is used for WinRAR recovery volume files. A rev file contains recovery data.

rew-file-extension
rew-file-description MRMC Markov Reward Model Checker definition file
rew-file-description Files with rew extension are used for MRMC software. They include state-reward definitions.

rewi-file-extension
rewi-file-description MRMC Markov Reward Model Checker definition file
rewi-file-description Detailed description

rex-file-extension
rex-file-description ReCycle audio loop export file
rex-file-description Files with rex extension are used for ReCycle software as its default audio format. They include loops, spces etc. made by ReCycle.

rex2-file-extension
rex2-file-description ReCycle program
rex2-file-description A rex2 file extension is related to the RyCycle, a music composing application for Windows and Mac.

rexx-file-extension
rexx-file-description Rexx language source code
rexx-file-description A rexx file extension is related to he REstructured eXtended eXecutor (REXX) programming language. A rexx file stores source code.

rez-file-extension
rez-file-description LithTech game engine resource data
rez-file-description Files with rez extension are commonly found in computer game based on the Lithtech Game Engine from Monolith Productions. Standard game archive which can be extracted using Dragon UnPACKer.

re_-file-extension
re_-file-description Unknown file extension
re_-file-description Files with re_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

rf-file-extension
rf-file-description Adobe FrameMaker document
rf-file-description Files with rf extension can be usually found as documents prepared using Adobe FrameMaker software.

rf0-file-extension
rf0-file-description SmartWare runtime project file
rf0-file-description Files with rf0 extension are used by the SmartWare program. They include runtime projects.

rf1-file-extension
rf1-file-description Retirement Forecast data
rf1-file-description An rf1 file extension is related to the Retirement Forecast and used for its data files.

rf2-file-extension
rf2-file-description SmartWare runtime project
rf2-file-description An rf2 file extension is related to the SmartWare software. An rf2 file stores runtime project.

rf3-file-extension
rf3-file-description SmartWare runtime project
rf3-file-description An rf3 file extension is related to the SmartWare platform and used for its runtime projects.

rf4-file-extension
rf4-file-description SmartWare runtime project
rf4-file-description An rf4 file extension is related to the SmartWare and used for its runtime project files.

rf5-file-extension
rf5-file-description Tektronix data
rf5-file-description An rf5 file extension is related with Tektronix k12 and k15 Protocol Analyzers.

rf64-file-extension
rf64-file-description Winamp RIFF64 broadcast wave format
rf64-file-description An rf64 file extension is related to RIFF64 broadcast wave format used by Winamp, a multimedia playback player for Windows.

rfa-file-extension
rfa-file-description Autodesk Revit Architecture family data file
rfa-file-description Files with rfa extension are used mainly by Autodesk Revit Architecture program. They represent project family data.

rfb-file-extension
rfb-file-description RoboForm bookmarks
rfb-file-description Files with rfb file extension are used by the RoboForm application. They store some bookmarks data.

rfc-file-extension
rfc-file-description RoboForm contact
rfc-file-description An rfc file extension is related to the RoboForm, a password management tool. An rfc file stores contacts.

rfd-file-extension
rfd-file-description RecogniFORM form definition
rfd-file-description Files with rfd file extension are mainly definition forms for RecogniFORM software. Used to design forms with support for optical recognition.

rfe-file-extension
rfe-file-description RockFlow log data
rfe-file-description An rfe file extension is related to the RockFlow software for Microsoft Windows. An rfe file contains log data.

rff-file-extension
rff-file-description Roproc Format
rff-file-description An rff file extension is related to the Roproc Format File a format used to store scientific data in a dedicated format used by the Roproc data processing procedures.

rfg-file-extension
rfg-file-description RFG Integrator system database
rfg-file-description An rfg file extension is related to the RFG Integrator system database format.

rfgs_pc-file-extension
rfgs_pc-file-description UltraEdit data
rfgs_pc-file-description An rfgs_pc file extension is related to the UltraEdit, an editing tool for Windows.

rfh-file-extension
rfh-file-description RFG Integrator householding database
rfh-file-description An rfh file extension is related to the RFG Integrator householding database format.

rfi-file-extension
rfi-file-description SPEFO Stellar Spectra Analysis data
rfi-file-description An rfi file extension is related to the SPEFO Stellar Spectra Analysis data format.

rfl-file-extension
rfl-file-description ANSYS data
rfl-file-description Files with rfl file extension can be found as data files used in ANSYS products. Stores data used for the program standard functions.

rfm-file-extension
rfm-file-description Rich music format
rfm-file-description An rfm file extension is related to the Rich music format developed by Beatnik.

rfmod-file-extension
rfmod-file-description rFactor 2 mod
rfmod-file-description Files with rfmod file extension might be found as mods for rFactor 2 computer racing simulation.

rfn-file-extension
rfn-file-description RoboForm SafeNote files
rfn-file-description Files with rfn extension are used by the RoboForm password management application. They are used for SafeNotes data.

rfo-file-extension
rfo-file-description RoboForm license and options file
rfo-file-description Files with rfo suffix maybe found as part of the popular RoboForm password manager. Contains data about license and other options.

rfp-file-extension
rfp-file-description RoboForm Passcard
rfp-file-description File extension rfp is mainly related to the RoboForm password management software and used for its passcard data.

rfq-file-extension
rfq-file-description RoboForm SearchCard file
rfq-file-description Files with rfq extension are used by RoboForm program. They include SearchCard data.

rfr-file-extension
rfr-file-description Adobe Photoshop frame filter
rfr-file-description An rfr file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop, a digital photo editing program. An rfr file stores frame filter.

rfs-file-extension
rfs-file-description RealFlow script file
rfs-file-description Files with rfs extension can mostly be found as scripts for the RealFlow program. Some sort of scientific simulation software.

rft-file-extension
rft-file-description Revit Architecture template
rft-file-description Files with rft extension can be nowadays mostly found as templates for Autodesk Revit architecture program.

rftmap-file-extension
rftmap-file-description IBM Rational Functional Tester object map
rftmap-file-description An rftmap file extension is associated with the IBM Rational Functional Tester object map format.

rfu-file-extension
rfu-file-description HP Remote Firmware Upgrade
rfu-file-description An rfu file extension is used for Remote Firmware Upgrade of HP printers.

rfv-file-extension
rfv-file-description Restricted Focus Viewer input data
rfv-file-description An rfv file extension is related to the Restricted Focus Viewer and used for its input data files.

rfw-file-extension
rfw-file-description Rockchip firmware
rfw-file-description An rfw file extension is related to devices that use ARM processors developed by Fuzhou Rockchip Electronics. An rfw file stores firmware.

rfx-file-extension
rfx-file-description RoboForm Blocked Passcard data
rfx-file-description An rfx file extension is related to RoboForm, a password management tool developed by Siber Systems. An rfx file stores Blocked Passcard data.

rg-file-extension
rg-file-description Bitmap picture
rg-file-description The rg file extension is related to the 1bit B&W 4bit CMYK Raster graphics format.

rga-file-extension
rga-file-description Residual Gas Analyzer data
rga-file-description Files with rga file extension can be generally found as data files recorded by specialized Residual Gas Analyzer devices.

rgb-file-extension
rgb-file-description SGI RGB bitmap
rgb-file-description An rgb file extension is related to the SGI RGB bitmap image format developed by Silicon Graphics.

rgb8-file-extension
rgb8-file-description TurboSilver bitmap image
rgb8-file-description Files with rgb8 file extension are used by TurboSilver, a 3D raytracing software for Amiga computers.

rgba-file-extension
rgba-file-description Silicon Graphics Image File Format
rgba-file-description An rgba file extension is associated with the Silicon Graphics Image File Format.

rgbe-file-extension
rgbe-file-description Radiance map file
rgbe-file-description Detailed description

rgbn-file-extension
rgbn-file-description TurboSilver bitmap image
rgbn-file-description Files with rgbn file extension are used by TurboSilver, a 3D raytracing software for Amiga computers.

rgd-file-extension
rgd-file-description Rosegarden device definition
rgd-file-description An rgd file extension is related to the Rosegarden and used for its device definition files.

rgdb-file-extension
rgdb-file-description Adobe registration database file
rgdb-file-description Detailed description

rge-file-extension
rge-file-description Microsoft Outlook for Mac archive, Entourage personal folder archive
rge-file-description An rge file extension is related to the Microsoft Outlook for Mac (also known as Microsoft Entourage). An rge file contains personal folder data.

rgf-file-extension
rgf-file-description Advanced Registry Tracer scan data
rgf-file-description An rgf file extension is related to the Advanced Registry Tracer and used for its scan data files.

rgh-file-extension
rgh-file-description ZZ RouGH image
rgh-file-description An rgh file extension is related to the ZZ RouGH image format.

rgi-file-extension
rgi-file-description RealArcade game installer
rgi-file-description An rgi file extension is related to the RealArcade program. An rgi file contains game installer.

rgl-file-extension
rgl-file-description Scarlett Expert System Compiler rules data
rgl-file-description Files with rgl file extension are used by Scarlett Expert System Compiler.

rgm-file-extension
rgm-file-description Essence game engine model
rgm-file-description An rgm file extension is related to the Essence video gaming engine. An rgm file stores game model.

rgmb-file-extension
rgmb-file-description RootsMagic backup data
rgmb-file-description An rgmb file extension is related to the RootsMagic, a genealogy software. An rgmb file contains backup.

rgmc-file-extension
rgmc-file-description RootsMagic genealogy project
rgmc-file-description Files with rgmc file extension might be found as genealogy projects for RootsMagic program.

rgn-file-extension
rgn-file-description Garmin region data
rgn-file-description An rgn file extension is related to the Garmin software and used for its region files.

rgo-file-extension
rgo-file-description RepliGo virtual print format.
rgo-file-description An rgo file extension is related to the RepliGo virtual print file format.

rgp-file-extension
rgp-file-description Rosegarden project file
rgp-file-description Files with rgp extension are used by Rosengarden program. They include saved data from the Rosengarden projects.

rgreceiver-file-extension
rgreceiver-file-description HP Remote Graphics Receiver data
rgreceiver-file-description An rgreceiver file extension is related to the HP Remote Graphics Receiver software.

rgrp-file-extension
rgrp-file-description Pro Tools region group file
rgrp-file-description Detailed description

rgs-file-extension
rgs-file-description InstallShield script for Windows Registry
rgs-file-description Files with rgs file extension can be found as InstallShield acripts for Windows Registry. Installshield is a popular platform for creating installation packages.

rgss2a-file-extension
rgss2a-file-description RPG Maker VX RGSS encrypted archive
rgss2a-file-description An rgss2a file extension is related to the RPG Maker VX a software used to create RPG computer games. An rgss2a file stores encrypted game archive.

rgss3a-file-extension
rgss3a-file-description RPG Maker VX RGSS version 3 encrypted archive
rgss3a-file-description Files with rgss3a extension are encrypted game data archives for the RPG Maker VX version 3 software.

rgssad-file-extension
rgssad-file-description RPG Maker VX RGSS encrypted archive
rgssad-file-description An rgssad file extension is related to the RPG Maker VX and used for its encrypted archives.

rgt-file-extension
rgt-file-description Corsix's Mod Studio texture
rgt-file-description An rgt file extension is related to the Corsix's Mod Studio a mod creating tool for computer games developed by Relic.

rgtrack-file-extension
rgtrack-file-description RealStrat song
rgtrack-file-description Files with rgtrack extension can be mostly encountered as song files from RealStrat instrument.

rgu-file-extension
rgu-file-description Microsoft Windows Mobile registry entry
rgu-file-description Files with rgu file extension are registry files from Windows Mobile platform.

rguninst-file-extension
rguninst-file-description RealArcade uninstall script
rguninst-file-description An rguninst file extension is related to the RealArcade, a gaming service. An rguninst file stores uninstall script. Probably obsolete.

rgx-file-extension
rgx-file-description ReaGeniX Code Generator symbol table
rgx-file-description An rgx file extension is related to the ReaGeniX Code Generator and used for its symbol tables.

rgz-file-extension
rgz-file-description Ragnarok EXE and BGM patch archive
rgz-file-description An rgz file extension is related to the Ragnarok EXE and BGM patch archive format.

rh-file-extension
rh-file-description C++ resource header data
rh-file-description An rh file extension is related to the C++ programming language. An rh file stores resource header.

rh7-file-extension
rh7-file-description pcAnywhere remote history log
rh7-file-description An rh7 file extension is associated with the pcAnywhere and used for its remote history logs.

rha-file-extension
rha-file-description Adobe RoboHelp AIR help project file
rha-file-description Files with rha extension are used by Adobe RoboHelp application. They include some help project for Adobe developed applications.

rhf-file-extension
rhf-file-description Adobe RoboHelp project
rhf-file-description Files with rhf file extension is related to the Adobe RoboHelp project format.

rhi-file-extension
rhi-file-description Rhino Installer Engine package
rhi-file-description Files with rhi extension are mainly related to extension packages for Rhino Installer Engine tool.

rhif-file-extension
rhif-file-description LiveQuartz document
rhif-file-description An rhif file extension is related to the LiveQuartz, and used for its graphics document files.

rhistory-file-extension
rhistory-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
rhistory-file-description Files with rhistory file extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio development tool for Windows. An rhistory file contains data.

rhk-file-extension
rhk-file-description Backdoor.Win32.Rbot.rhk data
rhk-file-description Files with rhk file suffix are related to the Backdoor.Win32.Rbot.rhk data.

rhl-file-extension
rhl-file-description EdgeSounds RatHole compressed audio file
rhl-file-description Files with rhl extension are used for EdgeSounds RatHole. They include compressed audio files.

rhm-file-extension
rhm-file-description Right Hemisphere material data
rhm-file-description An rhm file extension is related to the Deep Exploration and other tools from Right Hemisphere. An rhm file stores material data.

rhp-file-extension
rhp-file-description Encore file format
rhp-file-description An rhp file extension is related to the Encore, a score writing software. An rhp file contains music score.

rhs-file-extension
rhs-file-description Iconyx BeamWare setup parameters
rhs-file-description Files with rhs extension can be found as configuration files with setup parameters data for Iconyx BeamWare loudspeakers.

rhtml-file-extension
rhtml-file-description Ruby HTML web page
rhtml-file-description Files with rhtml file extension are web pages that combine standard HTML code with Ruby scripts.

rhv-file-extension
rhv-file-description Rhvac project
rhv-file-description An rhv file extension is associated with the Rhvac software from Elite Software. An rhv file stores project.

ri-file-extension
ri-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 data
ri-file-description Files with ri file extension could in the past be found as data files from old Lotus 1-2-3 software.

ria-file-extension
ria-file-description Alpharel Group IV Raster Graphics
ria-file-description Files with ria file extension might be found as old Alpharel Group IV Raster Graphics files.

rib-file-extension
rib-file-description Renderman Interface Bytestream 3D graphics data
rib-file-description Files with rib file extension can be found as graphics in Renderman Interface Bytestream 3D graphics format.

ribbons-file-extension
ribbons-file-description Ribbons data
ribbons-file-description A ribbons file extension is related to the Ribbons.

ric-file-extension
ric-file-description LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT image
ric-file-description A ric file extension is related to the LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT image format.

richmedia-file-extension
richmedia-file-description Norton Guides data
richmedia-file-description A richmedia file extension is related to the Norton apps. A richmedia file stores data.

ricochetextremesavedgame-file-extension
ricochetextremesavedgame-file-description Ricochet Extreme saved game
ricochetextremesavedgame-file-description A ricochetextremesavedgame file extension is related to the Ricochet Extreme saved game files.

ricochetrechargedsavedgame-file-extension
ricochetrechargedsavedgame-file-description Ricochet Recharged saved game
ricochetrechargedsavedgame-file-description The ricochetrechargedsavedgame file extension is related to the Ricochet Recharged saved game files.

rid-file-extension
rid-file-description GerbMagic graphics
rid-file-description Files with rid suffix can be often found as special graphics images produced using the GerbMagic software.

ridl-file-extension
ridl-file-description RAD Studio Active X RIDL data
ridl-file-description A ridl file extension is related to the RAD Studio programming software for Windows. A ridl file contains Active X RIDL data.

rif-file-extension
rif-file-description Resource Interchange File Format
rif-file-description A rif file extension is related to the Resource Interchange File Format a meta format used by Windows 3.1 as default file format for multimedia.

riff-file-extension
riff-file-description Resource Interchange File Format bitmap image
riff-file-description Files with riff file extension are data files in Resource Interchange File Format.

rig-file-extension
rig-file-description LightWave 3D RIG function data
rig-file-description A rig file extension is related to the LightWave 3D modeling tool and used for its RIG function files.

rigid_mesh-file-extension
rigid_mesh-file-description Empire: Total War mesh
rigid_mesh-file-description A rigid_mesh file extension is related to the Empire: Total War and used for its mesh files.

rigid_model-file-extension
rigid_model-file-description Empire: Total War model
rigid_model-file-description A rigid_model file extension is related to the Empire: Total War model format.

rigid_model_animation-file-extension
rigid_model_animation-file-description Empire: Total War animation
rigid_model_animation-file-description Files with rigid_model_animation file extension are commonly used by Empire: Total War video game.

rik-file-extension
rik-file-description SharpMap data
rik-file-description A rik file extension is related to the SharpMap a geospatial application framework.

ril-file-extension
ril-file-description Google Android radio interface library
ril-file-description A ril file extension is related to the Google Android operating system. A ril file contains radio interface library.

rim-file-extension
rim-file-description Dragon Age Origins game archive
rim-file-description A rim file extension is related to the Dragon Age Origins computer game developed by Bioware. A rim file contains archive with game data.

rimage-file-extension
rimage-file-description Rhino 3D rendered image
rimage-file-description A rimage file extension is related to the Rhino 3D and used for its rendered image.

rimg-file-extension
rimg-file-description Radium Renderer HDR picture image
rimg-file-description An rimg file extension is related to Radium Renderer HDR picture image file format.

rin-file-extension
rin-file-description Retrieve 4GL database index
rin-file-description A rin file extension is related to the Retrieve 4GL and used for its database index.

ring-file-extension
ring-file-description Ringtone
ring-file-description Files with ring file extension might be found as older ring tones for IP phones.

rio-file-extension
rio-file-description IBM AIX system data
rio-file-description Files with rio extension can be found as part of IBM AIX operating system. Some sort of system file.

rip-file-extension
rip-file-description Hit’n’Mix audio format
rip-file-description A rip file extension is related to the Hit’n’Mix an audio mixing and composing software. A rip file stores audio.

ripxr-file-extension
ripxr-file-description RipXR compressed archive
ripxr-file-description Files with ripxr file extension can be found as compressed archives made in the RipXR utility.

rir-file-extension
rir-file-description RIR Statistics Exchange Format Data
rir-file-description A rir file extension is related to the RIR Statistics Exchange Format Data.

ris-file-extension
ris-file-description Research Information Systems citation
ris-file-description Files with ris extension are generally related to Research Information System format. An ris file stores citation entries in ASCII text file format.

riscos-file-extension
riscos-file-description Acorn RISC OS data
riscos-file-description A riscos file extension is related to the Acorn RISC OS operating system. A riscos file contains some kind of data.

rise-file-extension
rise-file-description RISE information model
rise-file-description A rise file extension is related to the RISE driven information system modeling tool. A rise file stores information model.

rit-file-extension
rit-file-description Velrita document
rit-file-description Files with rit file extension can be found as documents from old Velrita program. Obsolete.

riv-file-extension
riv-file-description CRiSP Harvest data
riv-file-description A riv file extension is related to the CRiSP Harvest a salmon harvest simulation tool. A riv file specifies management parameters controlling in-river harvest.

rix-file-extension
rix-file-description ColoRIX bitmap image
rix-file-description A rix file extension is related to the ColoRIX bitmap image format.

rjs-file-extension
rjs-file-description RealJukebox skin
rjs-file-description An rjs file extension is related to the RealJukebox, a multimedia program. An rjs file stores skin.

rjt-file-extension
rjt-file-description RealPlayer track info style
rjt-file-description An rjt file extension is related to the RealPlayer and used for its track info style.

rk-file-extension
rk-file-description WinRK archive
rk-file-description An rk file extension is associated with the WinRK and used for its archive files.

rka-file-extension
rka-file-description RK Audio compressed data
rka-file-description Files with rka file extension might be found as rare lossless audio files in RKAU format.

rkc-file-extension
rkc-file-description Mario Kart Wii competition data
rkc-file-description Files with rkc file extension are related to the Mario Kart Wii competition data format.

rkg-file-extension
rkg-file-description Mario Kart Wii ghost data
rkg-file-description An rkg file extension is related to the Mario Kart Wii video game for Nintendo Wii video gaming console and used for its ghost data.

rki-file-extension
rki-file-description Race-Keeper video
rki-file-description An .rki file extension is related to the Race-Keeper car video data system developed by the  Trivinci Systems, LLC.

rkn-file-extension
rkn-file-description Reckon Accounts Personal Plus backup
rkn-file-description Files with rkn file extension are used by Reckon Accounts Personal Plus backup format.

rkp-file-extension
rkp-file-description RemoteKeys profile file
rkp-file-description Files with rkp extension are used by the RemoteKeys program. These files are used to store user's profile settings.

rkplr-file-extension
rkplr-file-description Native Instruments REAKTOR data
rkplr-file-description An rkplr file extension is related to the REAKTOR from Native Instruments. An rkplr file stores some kind of data.

rkr-file-extension
rkr-file-description CA Upgrade Wizard response data
rkr-file-description Files with rkr extension may be typically encountered as special response data files for CA Upgrade Wizard software for CA Software Change Manager.

rkt-file-extension
rkt-file-description Racket information module
rkt-file-description Files with rkt file extension can be found as information modules from Racket programming language.

rkv-file-extension
rkv-file-description Star Wars The Clone Wars Republic Heroes game archive file
rkv-file-description Files with rkv extension are used for Star Wars The Clone Wars Republic Heroes computer game. They include game data.

rkw-file-extension
rkw-file-description RockWorks graphics file
rkw-file-description Files with rkw extension are used for the RockWorks application. They include graphics which were created in the software.

rl-file-extension
rl-file-description R.viewer data
rl-file-description Files with rl extension are used for R.viewer software.

rl1-file-extension
rl1-file-description Descent 1 registered level data
rl1-file-description Files with rl1 file extension could be found in old Descent 1 computer game and used for one of its game files.

rl2-file-extension
rl2-file-description Descent 2 registered level
rl2-file-description An rl2 file extension is related to the Descent 2 3D action simulation video game.

rl4-file-extension
rl4-file-description Device-independent bitmap
rl4-file-description An rl4 file stores Device-independent bitmap picture image.

rl7-file-extension
rl7-file-description pcAnywhere remote session log
rl7-file-description An rl7 file extension is related to the pcAnywhere software and used for its remote session logs.

rl8-file-extension
rl8-file-description SageThumbs bitmap image
rl8-file-description An rl8 file extension is related to the SageThumbs extension for Windows Image Viewer.

rla-file-extension
rla-file-description Alias/Wavefront bitmap image
rla-file-description An rpf file extension is related to the Alias/Wavefront bitmap image file format.

rlb-file-extension
rlb-file-description Alias/Wavefront bitmap image file
rlb-file-description Files with rlb extension are used as bitmap image file format.

rlc-file-extension
rlc-file-description ArcView image
rlc-file-description Files with rlc file extension can be mainly found as one of the image formats from ESRI ArcView platform.

rld-file-extension
rld-file-description Norton Commander temporary data
rld-file-description An rld file extension is related to Norton Commander and used for its temporary files.

rle-file-extension
rle-file-description Raster image
rle-file-description Files with rle file extension are typically encountered by users as  raster images in one of the many formats that used this extension.

rle.gz-file-extension
rle.gz-file-description Golly compressed pattern
rle.gz-file-description An rle.gz file extension is related to the Golly video game. An rle.gz file contains compressed pattern.

rlf-file-extension
rlf-file-description RichLink author compiled format
rlf-file-description An rlf file extension is associated with the RichLink a technology providing advanced linking and tagging capabilities.

rlg-file-extension
rlg-file-description Weibull++ data
rlg-file-description An rlg file extension is related to the Weibull++ and used for its data files.

rlh-file-extension
rlh-file-description Picture image
rlh-file-description An rlh file extension is related to the RLH picture image file format that used Run Length and Huffman optimizing techniques.

rli-file-extension
rli-file-description RVS-COM database
rli-file-description An rli file extension is associated with the RVS-COM software from Living Byte Software GmbH.

rll-file-extension
rll-file-description SQL Server resource library
rll-file-description Files with rll file extension are also found as SQL Server resource libraries from Microsoft.

rln-file-extension
rln-file-description Alpha Four database
rln-file-description An rln file extension is related to the Alpha Four and used for its databases.

rlog-file-extension
rlog-file-description MPICH log
rlog-file-description An rlog file extension is related to the MPICH, a portable implementation of Message Passing Interface.

rls-file-extension
rls-file-description RadLight skin
rls-file-description An rls file extension is related to the RadLight a multimedia player for Microsoft Windows operating system. An rls file contains graphics skin for RadLight.

rlst-file-extension
rlst-file-description Sims 3 data
rlst-file-description Files with rlst file extension might be found as part of Sims 3 computer game.

rlt-file-extension
rlt-file-description ReliaSoft BlockSim & Weibull++ data
rlt-file-description An rlt file extension is related to the Weibull++ and used for its data files.

rlv-file-extension
rlv-file-description Tacx Fortius data
rlv-file-description An rlv file extension is associated with the Tacx Fortius cycling trainer.

rlw-file-extension
rlw-file-description Ricochet Lost Worlds: Recharged game data
rlw-file-description Files with rlw file extension can be found as game data files from Ricochet Lost Worlds: Recharged compute game.

rlx-file-extension
rlx-file-description XMetaL compiled form
rlx-file-description An rlx file extension is related to the XMetaL and used for its compiled form files.

rlz-file-extension
rlz-file-description CA-Realizer data
rlz-file-description An rlz file extension is related to the CA-Realizer development environment for Windows and OS/2.

rl_-file-extension
rl_-file-description Unknown file extension
rl_-file-description Files with rl_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

rm-file-extension
rm-file-description RealMedia multimedia
rm-file-description Files with rm extension can be found as part of RealMedia and used for one of its default file type.

rm0-file-extension
rm0-file-description RAMbrandt picture image
rm0-file-description An rm0 file extension is related to the RAMbrandt picture image file format.

rm1-file-extension
rm1-file-description RAMbrandt picture image
rm1-file-description An rm1 file extension is related to the RAMbrandt picture image files.

rm2-file-extension
rm2-file-description Hammer Reminders data
rm2-file-description An rm2 file extension is related to the Hammer Reminders events management tool.

rm3-file-extension
rm3-file-description RAMbrandt picture image
rm3-file-description An rm3 file extension is related to the RAMbrandt a picture image editor for 8-bit ATARI computers.

rm3d-file-extension
rm3d-file-description RiskMetrics RiskManager data
rm3d-file-description An rm3d file extension is related to the RiskMetrics RiskManager software developed by MSCI Inc.

rm4-file-extension
rm4-file-description RAMbrandt picture image
rm4-file-description An rm4 file extension is related to the RAMbrandt picture image file format.

rm5-file-extension
rm5-file-description RevMan review document
rm5-file-description An rm5 file extension is related to the RevMan, a review preparation software. An rm5 file stores review.

rm7-file-extension
rm7-file-description Casio registration memory data
rm7-file-description Files with rm7 file extension can be found as registration memory files from CASIO electronic keyboard devices.

rma-file-extension
rma-file-description RealMedia audio data
rma-file-description An rma file extension is related to the RealMedia audio file format. An rma file contains audio content

rman-file-extension
rman-file-description Oracle datafile backup
rman-file-description An rman file extension is related to the Oracle Database and used for its datafile backups.

rmap-file-extension
rmap-file-description CompeGPS Land raster map
rmap-file-description An rmap file extension is related to the CompeGPS Land, a GPS navigation software and used for its raster map files.

rmat-file-extension
rmat-file-description EUHEDRAL reciprocal axes matrix data
rmat-file-description An rmat file extension is related to the EUHEDRAL reciprocal axes matrix data format.

rmb-file-extension
rmb-file-description SafeGuard RemovableMedia keyring backup
rmb-file-description An rmb file extension is related to the SafeGuard RemovableMedia keyring backup format.

rmbak-file-extension
rmbak-file-description Registry Mechanic backup
rmbak-file-description An rmbak file extension is related to the Registry Mechanic from PC Tools. An rmbak file contains backup.

rmc-file-extension
rmc-file-description RMCalc data
rmc-file-description An rmc file extension extension is related to the RMCalc program. An rmc file contains data.

rmcm1-file-extension
rmcm1-file-description Merry X-Mas ransomware affected file
rmcm1-file-description Files with RMCM1 suffix are files that have been encrypted and renamed by the Merry X-Mas ransomware.

rmd-file-extension
rmd-file-description Microsoft RegMaid document
rmd-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe RMD file extension!

rmdp-file-extension
rmdp-file-description Northlight Engine game data
rmdp-file-description Files with rmdp file extension can be found as game data files from Alan Wake and Quantum Break computer games.

rme-file-extension
rme-file-description Final Fantasy audio data
rme-file-description An rme file extension is associated with the Final Fantasy video game and used for its audio data.

rmf-file-extension
rmf-file-description Adobe Acrobat Rights Management document
rmf-file-description An rmf file extension is related to the Adobe Web buy service included in older versions of Adobe Acrobat. An rmf file stores some kind of information about rights management.

rmg-file-extension
rmg-file-description RootsMagic genealogy data
rmg-file-description An rmg file extension is related to the RootsMagic and used for its genealogy data.

rmgb-file-extension
rmgb-file-description RootsMagic database backup
rmgb-file-description An rmgb file extension is associated with the RootsMagic version 4 for Windows and used for its database backups.

rmgc-file-extension
rmgc-file-description RootsMagic genealogy database
rmgc-file-description Files with rmgc suffix are older genealogy databases from RootsMagic 4. These files replaced the previously used .rmg files.

rmh-file-extension
rmh-file-description Rights-managed HTML document
rmh-file-description An rmh file extension is related to the Rights-managed HTML document format used to store encrypted DRM web pages.

rmhd-file-extension
rmhd-file-description RealMedia High Definition video
rmhd-file-description An rmhd file extension is related to the RealMedia High Definition video codec. An rmhd file contains video data.

rmi-file-extension
rmi-file-description Java remote method invocation file
rmi-file-description Files with rmi extension are used by Java. They store package which handles the RMI.

rmid-file-extension
rmid-file-description RIFF RMID midi format
rmid-file-description An rmid file extension is related to the RIFF RMID audio file format. Probably obsolete.

rmj-file-extension
rmj-file-description RealAudio media
rmj-file-description An rmj file extension is related to the RealAudio media format.

rmk-file-extension
rmk-file-description CA Clipper RMake makefile
rmk-file-description Files with rmk extension are used for the CA Clipper software.

rml-file-extension
rml-file-description Redline Markup Language source
rml-file-description An rml file extension is related to the Redline Markup Language.

rmm-file-extension
rmm-file-description RealMedia metafile format
rmm-file-description Files with rmm extension are used by RealMedia program. They include some data in simple text file format.

rmn-file-extension
rmn-file-description Oracle Recovery Manager script file
rmn-file-description Files with rmn extension are used for the Oracle Recovery Manager (RMAN). Files contain script data used in the RMAN.

rmp-file-extension
rmp-file-description RealAudio audio metadata
rmp-file-description An rmp file extension is related to the audio metadata used by RealAudio applications.

rmr-file-extension
rmr-file-description ResumeMaker data
rmr-file-description An rmr file extension is related to the ResumeMaker and used for its data files.

rms-file-extension
rms-file-description RiverCAD modeling system data
rms-file-description An rms file extension is related to the RiverCAD, a river modeling app for Windows. An rms file contains modeling system data.

rmsendto-file-extension
rmsendto-file-description Rename Master data
rmsendto-file-description An rmsendto file extension is related to the Rename Master software.

rmskin-file-extension
rmskin-file-description Rainmeter skin
rmskin-file-description An rmskin file extension is used for a graphic skin package for Rainmeter desktop customization program for Windows.

rmt-file-extension
rmt-file-description Linksys router firmware update
rmt-file-description An rmt file extension is related to Linksys router firmware update format.

rmtl-file-extension
rmtl-file-description Rhino 3D material data
rmtl-file-description Files with rmtl file extension are related to the Rhino 3D modeling tool. An rmtl file stores material.

rmuf-file-extension
rmuf-file-description Alpha Five runtime data
rmuf-file-description An rmuf file extension is related to the Aplha Five software. An rmuf file stores runtime data.

rmv-file-extension
rmv-file-description Radical Entertainment video
rmv-file-description An rmv file extension is related to computer games developed by Radical Entertainment. An rmv file stores video data.

rmw-file-extension
rmw-file-description RAM Commander database
rmw-file-description An rmw file extension is associated with the RAM Commander tool. An rmw file contains database.

rmx-file-extension
rmx-file-description RealMedia secure media clip
rmx-file-description An rmx file extension is related to RealMedia multimedia format for RealPlayer software.

rna-file-extension
rna-file-description Revelation Natural Art document
rna-file-description An rna file extension is related to the Revelation Natural Art and used for its picture document files.

rnc-file-extension
rnc-file-description RNC ProPack archive
rnc-file-description An rnc file extension is associated with the RNC ProPack software. An rnc file contains archive.

rnd-file-extension
rnd-file-description PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) random seed
rnd-file-description Files with rnd file extension can also be found as random seed number storage for Pretty Good Privacy security platform. Found as randseed.rnd usually.

rng-file-extension
rng-file-description Random Number Generator data file
rng-file-description Files with rng extension are used by Random Number Generator. They include many data for internal purposes.

rnk-file-extension
rnk-file-description Dial-up shortcut file
rnk-file-description Fiels with rnk extension are used for Dial-Up shortcuts in Microsoft Windows.

rnl-file-extension
rnl-file-description GTX runlength encoded bitmap graphics
rnl-file-description An rnl file extension is related to the GTXRaster CAD and used for its runlength encoded bitmap graphics.

rno-file-extension
rno-file-description PDP-10 RUNOFF input data
rno-file-description An rno file extension is related to the PDP-10 mainframe computer and used for its RUNOFF input files.

rnq-file-extension
rnq-file-description Renque model file
rnq-file-description Detailed description

rnqs-file-extension
rnqs-file-description Pokémon randomization quick settings
rnqs-file-description An rnqs file extension is related to the Pokémon randomization quick settings files.

rnr-file-extension
rnr-file-description The 11th Hour game data
rnr-file-description An rnr file extension is associated with The 11th Hour computer game and used for its game data files.

rns-file-extension
rns-file-description Reason audio project
rns-file-description Files with rns file extension can be mostly found as projects from Propellerhead Reason software. Used for saving works in progress.

rnsmwr-file-extension
rnsmwr-file-description Gremit ransomware affected file
rnsmwr-file-description Files with rnsmwr suffix are renamed and encrypted file affected by Gremit ransomware.

rnt-file-extension
rnt-file-description RightNote note
rnt-file-description Files with rnt extension are document notes from RightNote a note organizing software.

rnw-file-extension
rnw-file-description Sweave source
rnw-file-description An rnw file extension is related to the Sweave source files.

rnx-file-extension
rnx-file-description RealPlayer audio or settings
rnx-file-description An rnx file extension is related to the RealPlayer from RealNetworks. An rnx file contains audio data or settings.

ro-file-extension
ro-file-description ROwin project
ro-file-description Files with ro extension can be typically found as projects from ROwin software.

ro3-file-extension
ro3-file-description ReadOut 3 voiced document
ro3-file-description Files with ro3 file extension are voiced documents created in ReadOut version 3 program.

roa-file-extension
roa-file-description Remark Office OMR archive
roa-file-description Files with roa file suffix are related to the Remark Office OMR software. A roa file contains archive.

roacj-file-extension
roacj-file-description Call of Juarez game resource data file
roacj-file-description Files with ROACJ extension are data files from Call of Juarez computer game.

roadtrip-file-extension
roadtrip-file-description Road Trip Planner data
roadtrip-file-description A roadtrip file extension is related to the Road Trip Planner software.

rob-file-extension
rob-file-description Wintask compiled program
rob-file-description Files with rob extension are used for Wintask, they include compiled program data.

robinhutt-file-extension
robinhutt-file-description Unknown file extension
robinhutt-file-description Files with robinhutt file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

robo-file-extension
robo-file-description RoboRealm robo script
robo-file-description A robo file extension is related to the RoboRealm, an image analysis program. A robo file stores script.

roc-file-extension
roc-file-description SpaceCAD rocket design
roc-file-description A roc file extension is related to the SpaceCAD, a 3D CAD program. A roc file contains rocket design.

roca-file-extension
roca-file-description RIB office compressed archive file
roca-file-description Detailed description

rock-file-extension
rock-file-description RockBox plugin
rock-file-description Files with rock extension can be mainly found as plugin packages for RockBox digital music player firmware.

rockwell-file-extension
rockwell-file-description Rockwell (modem) file
rockwell-file-description Files with rockwell extension are used by the modem devices developed by the same-named company Rockwell. They are used as audio file format.

rockwell-2-file-extension
rockwell-2-file-description Rockwell 2-bit ADPCM data file
rockwell-2-file-description Detailed description

rockwell-3-file-extension
rockwell-3-file-description Rockwell 3-bit ADPCM data
rockwell-3-file-description A rockwell-3 file extension is related to the Rockwell 3-bit ADPCM data format.

rockwell-4-file-extension
rockwell-4-file-description Rockwell 4-bit ADPCM data file
rockwell-4-file-description Detailed description

rod-file-extension
rod-file-description Actuate e.Report Designer report object design
rod-file-description Files with rod extension is used as a report design file format.

rodl-file-extension
rodl-file-description RemObjects definition language file
rodl-file-description The RODL file extension is related to the RemObjects framework. The *.rodl file stores definition language data.

rodz-file-extension
rodz-file-description Ancestry genealogical database
rodz-file-description Files with rodz file extension are related to the Ancestry genealogical database format.

rof-file-extension
rof-file-description Autodesk Storm & Sanitary Analysis data
rof-file-description Files with rof file extension are related to the Autodesk Storm & Sanitary Analysis.

roff-file-extension
roff-file-description Unformatted manual page (Roff/nroff/troff/groff)
roff-file-description Files with roff file extension can be commonly found on Unix platform and used for some document system.

rog-file-extension
rog-file-description Roger 2 data
rog-file-description A rog file extension is associated with the Roger 2 engineering software. A rog file contains data.

roh-file-extension
roh-file-description Avantes data
roh-file-description Files with roh file extension might be found as data files from Avanates devices. An roh file stores data.

roi-file-extension
roi-file-description Actuate e.Report Designer report file
roi-file-description Files with roi suffix can be found as reports generated by Actuate e.Report Designer software.

rok-file-extension
rok-file-description Roku update file
rok-file-description Files with rok suffix appear to be old update / firmware files for devices or programs produced by Roku company.

rokku-file-extension
rokku-file-description Rokku ransomware affected data
rokku-file-description Files with rokku file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by the Rokku ransomware.

rol-file-extension
rol-file-description AdLib Visual Composer music data
rol-file-description A rol file extension is associated with the AdLib Visual Composer and used for its music data files.

role-file-extension
role-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
role-file-description A role file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool.

rolf-file-extension
rolf-file-description Relux open luminaire format document
rolf-file-description Files with rolf file suffix are related to the Relux open luminaire document format.

roo-file-extension
roo-file-description WinRAR archive
roo-file-description An roo file extension is related to the WinRAR and used for its archive files.

root-file-extension
root-file-description ROOT data
root-file-description A root file extension is related to the ROOT, a data analysis framework. A root file contains data.

rop-file-extension
rop-file-description Actuate parameter template
rop-file-description A rop file extension is related to programs developed by Actuate company.

roq-file-extension
roq-file-description RoQ video format
roq-file-description Files with roq file extension are associated with The 11th Hour by Graeme Devine as a full motion video format.

ror-file-extension
ror-file-description Resources of a Resource file format
ror-file-description Files with ror file extension are related to the Resources of a Resource format.

ros-file-extension
ros-file-description Dynamite VSP rail object style data
ros-file-description Files with ros extension are mainly known for its use for Dynamite VSP rail object style file format. Dynamite VSP is a 3D visualization tool designed specifically for civil engineers.

rot-file-extension
rot-file-description Homeworld 2 game graphics data
rot-file-description A rot file extension is related to the Homeworld 2, a real time strategic computer game for Windows. A rot file stores game graphics data.

rou-file-extension
rou-file-description English Lake District Walker Calculator route data
rou-file-description A .rou file extension is related to the English Lake District Walker Calculator route file format.

rov-file-extension
rov-file-description Rescure Rover game data
rov-file-description A rov file extension is related to the Rescue Rover and used for its game data files.

row-file-extension
row-file-description Actuate e.Report HTML report document
row-file-description A row file extension is associated with the Actuate e.Report HTML report document format.

rox-file-extension
rox-file-description Actuate e.Report Designer report object executable
rox-file-description Files with rox file extension are used by e.Report Designer program. They are one of the data files created by the program.

roxio-file-extension
roxio-file-description Roxio Creator project
roxio-file-description A roxio file extension is related to project files created by the Roxio Creator.

roz-file-extension
roz-file-description aSc TimeTables timetable data
roz-file-description Files with roz extension can be found as timetable files from the aSc TimeTables scheduling software.

ro_-file-extension
ro_-file-description Unknown file extension
ro_-file-description Files with ro_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

rp-file-extension
rp-file-description Axure RP project
rp-file-description Files with rp extension can be usually found as projects from Axure RP prototyping tools for design.

rp0-file-extension
rp0-file-description RescuePro 3000 invoice data
rp0-file-description An rp0 file extension is related to the RescuePro 3000 developed by RescuePro Production GbR.

rp1-file-extension
rp1-file-description Indycar Racing 2 - CART Racing intro
rp1-file-description Files with rp1 file extension are intro files from Indycar Racing 2 - CART Racing video game.

rp2-file-extension
rp2-file-description RetroPlatform Player (Amiga Forever) file
rp2-file-description Files with rp2 extension are used by Amiga Forever as some emulator files.

rp3-file-extension
rp3-file-description Need For Speed game data
rp3-file-description An rp3 file extension is related to the Need For Speed, car racing video game. An rp3 file contains game data.

rp9-file-extension
rp9-file-description RetroPlatform data
rp9-file-description An rp9 file extension is related to the RetroPlatform, a package file format used by Amiga Forever and C64 Forever emulators.

rpa-file-extension
rpa-file-description RIB iTWO project archive
rpa-file-description Files with rpa extension are in most cases project archives from RIB iTWO and used for its project archive files.

rpack-file-extension
rpack-file-description Call of Juarez game data
rpack-file-description Files with rpack file extension can be found as game data and resource files from the Call of Juarez: Bound in Blood computer game.

rpb-file-extension
rpb-file-description Radmin phonebook
rpb-file-description Files with rpb file extension are related to the Radmin software and used for its settings data.

rpbm-file-extension
rpbm-file-description Portable Bitmap image file
rpbm-file-description Detailed description

rpc-file-extension
rpc-file-description ACT! report
rpc-file-description An rpc file extension is related to the ACT! management tool. An rpc file report from ACT!.

rpc3-file-extension
rpc3-file-description National Instruments DIAdem rpc3 data
rpc3-file-description An rpc3 file extension is related to the National Instruments DIAdem rpc3 file format.

rpcp-file-extension
rpcp-file-description Reason data
rpcp-file-description An rpcp file extension is related to the Reason, a music composing software from Propellerhead Software AB

rpd-file-extension
rpd-file-description Ashton Tate Rapidfile database
rpd-file-description An rpd file extension is related to the Ashton Tate Rapidfile and used for its database files.

rpe-file-extension
rpe-file-description Performance Analyzer data
rpe-file-description Files with rpe file extension are related to the Performance Analyzer data format.

rpf-file-extension
rpf-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD pattern definition
rpf-file-description Files with rpf extension can be quite often found as pattern definitions from Autodesk AutoCAD CAD modeling software for Windows and Mac.

rpg-file-extension
rpg-file-description The RPG programming language source code
rpg-file-description Files with rpg extension are mostly related to the RPG Toolkit and used for its RPG programming language files.

rpgm-file-extension
rpgm-file-description Portable greyscale image
rpgm-file-description An rpgm file extension is related to the portable greyscale image format.

rpgmvm-file-extension
rpgmvm-file-description RPG Maker MV encrypted M4A audio
rpgmvm-file-description An rpgmvm file extension is associated with the RPG Maker and used for its encrypted M4A audio files.

rpgmvo-file-extension
rpgmvo-file-description RPG Maker MV encrypted OGG audio
rpgmvo-file-description Files with rpgmvo extension can be usually encountered as audio files from the RPG Maker MV.

rpgmvp-file-extension
rpgmvp-file-description RPG Maker MV encrypted PNG image
rpgmvp-file-description Files with rpgmvp extension are in most cases encrypted PNG images for RPG Maker.

rpgproject-file-extension
rpgproject-file-description RPG Maker project
rpgproject-file-description Files with rpgproject file extension are related to the RPG Maker and used for its project files.

rpgsave-file-extension
rpgsave-file-description RPG Maker saved game
rpgsave-file-description Files with rpgsave extension are related to the RPG Maker and used for its saved game.

rpi-file-extension
rpi-file-description Enhanced stereo lithography data
rpi-file-description An rpi file extension is related to the stereo lithography file format.

rpj-file-extension
rpj-file-description RealPlayer JavaScript data
rpj-file-description An rpj file extension is related to the RealPlayer, a multimedia playback program. An rpj file contains JAvaScript code.

rpk-file-extension
rpk-file-description NeverForget backup reminder data
rpk-file-description An rpk file extension is related to the NeverForget and used for its backup of reminder data.

rpkg-file-extension
rpkg-file-description Hitman game data
rpkg-file-description Files with rpkg file suffix are related to the Hitman game data format.

rpl-file-extension
rpl-file-description ARMovie video
rpl-file-description Files with rpl file extension can be often found as videos in special ARMovie video format for RISC OS 6 operating system.

rplib-file-extension
rplib-file-description Axure widget library
rplib-file-description An rplib file extension is related to the Axure tools for Mac and Windows. An rplib file contains widgets.

rpln-file-extension
rpln-file-description Adobe InDesign required function library
rpln-file-description An rpln file extension is related to the Adobe InDesign and used for its required function library files.

rpmnew-file-extension
rpmnew-file-description RPM Package Manager package backup
rpmnew-file-description Files with rpmnew file extension are related to the RPM Package Manager (also known as Red Hat Package Manager). An rpmnew file contains RPM package backup.

rpmorig-file-extension
rpmorig-file-description RPM Package Manager package backup
rpmorig-file-description An rpmorig file extension is associated with the RPM Package Manager program for Linux. An rpmorig file contains backup of RPM application package.

rpmsave-file-extension
rpmsave-file-description RPM Package Manager package backup
rpmsave-file-description An rpm file extension is related to the RPM Package Manager and used for its RPM package backup files.

rpmsg-file-extension
rpmsg-file-description Microsoft Restricted Permission Message
rpmsg-file-description Files with rpmsg file extension are mainly related to the Microsoft Restricted Permission Message file format. Used for secured e-mailing purposes.

rpn-file-extension
rpn-file-description ACT! report data
rpn-file-description Files with rpn file suffix are related to the ACT! program. An rpn file contains report data.

rpnm-file-extension
rpnm-file-description Portable Image image file
rpnm-file-description Detailed description

rpo-file-extension
rpo-file-description IBM XL C/C++ for Linux compiler data
rpo-file-description An rpo file extension is related to the IBM XL C/C++ for Linux a programming software. An rpo file stores data for compiler.

rpp-file-extension
rpp-file-description REAPER project
rpp-file-description Files with rpp extension may be mainly found as projects from REAPER audio software tool.

rppm-file-extension
rppm-file-description Portable Image image format
rppm-file-description An rppm file extension is related to the Portable Image image format.

rpprj-file-extension
rpprj-file-description Axure RP project
rpprj-file-description An rpprj file extension is related to the Axure RP development tool. An rpprj file stores shared project.

rpr-file-extension
rpr-file-description IBM Voice Type languages vocabels
rpr-file-description An rpr file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type languages vocable data.

rpres-file-extension
rpres-file-description RStudio presentation
rpres-file-description The rpres file extension is related to the RStudio development tool. The rpres file stores presentation.

rprofile-file-extension
rprofile-file-description Quick-R R programming language configuration
rprofile-file-description An .rprofile file extension is related to the R programming language and used for its configuration files.

rproj-file-extension
rproj-file-description RStudio project
rproj-file-description An rproj file extension is related to the RStudio a development software. An rproj file contains project in R programming language.

rps-file-extension
rps-file-description 3ds Max (3d Studio Max) render preset settings
rps-file-description Files with rps extension can be usually found as render preset settings for 3Ds Max software by Autodesk.

rpt-file-extension
rpt-file-description Report
rpt-file-description Files with rpt extension can be most often found as various report files - output files of programs, often used for further analysis.

rpt2-file-extension
rpt2-file-description eSignal report
rpt2-file-description An rpt2 file extension is related to the eSignal. An rpt2 file stores report.

rptproj-file-extension
rptproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 report project
rptproj-file-description An rptproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment. An rptproj file stores report.

rptr-file-extension
rptr-file-description RafflePrinter document
rptr-file-description An rptr file extension is related RafflePrinter app that allows users to create raffle tickets. An rptr file stores RafflePrinter document.

rptx-file-extension
rptx-file-description Spiceworks report
rptx-file-description An rptx file extension is related to the Spiceworks and used for report files.

rpv-file-extension
rpv-file-description RealPlayer visualization data
rpv-file-description Files with rpv file extension are commonly used by the RealPlayer and used for its visualization files.

rpw-file-extension
rpw-file-description RPWiz project
rpw-file-description An rpw file extension is related to the RPWiz software. The rpw file contains project.

rpx-file-extension
rpx-file-description Oracle visual information retrieval RAW pixel format
rpx-file-description An rpx file extension is related to the Oracle visual information retrieval RAW pixel format.

rpy-file-extension
rpy-file-description Python script
rpy-file-description Files with rpy extension are usually script files saved in the Python programming language.

rpyb-file-extension
rpyb-file-description Ren'Py bytecode
rpyb-file-description An rpyb file extension is related to the Ren'Py, a visual novel engine. An rpyb file stores bytecode used to run a novel.

rpyc-file-extension
rpyc-file-description Ren'Py game engine compiled script
rpyc-file-description Files with rpyc extension can be typically encountered as compiled scripts generated by games run in Ren'Py visual novel engine.

rpym-file-extension
rpym-file-description Ren'Py module data
rpym-file-description Files with rpym file extension can be found as modules for Ren'Py visual novel engine.

rpymc-file-extension
rpymc-file-description Ren'Py module
rpymc-file-description Files with rpymc file extension are associated with the Ren'Py module format.

rpz-file-extension
rpz-file-description Crystal Reports ZIP compressed and encrypted report file
rpz-file-description Files with rpz extension are used for Crystal Reports program. They include zipped data.

rqb-file-extension
rqb-file-description RapidQ quellcode data
rqb-file-description An rqb file extension is related to the RapidQ a free programming language.

rqc-file-extension
rqc-file-description Micro Focus Revolve script
rqc-file-description Files with rqc file suffix are related to the Micro Focus Revolve software. An rqc file contains script.

rqf-file-extension
rqf-file-description R-Quest Duplication Systems firmware update
rqf-file-description An rqf file extension is used by R-Quest Duplication Systems for firmware updates.

rqi-file-extension
rqi-file-description R-Quest TrueNet disc image
rqi-file-description An rqi file extension is related to the R-Quest TrueNet disc image file format.

rqm-file-extension
rqm-file-description IBM RequisitePro Metrics report data
rqm-file-description Files with rqm file extension might be found as reports generated by IBM RequisitePro Metrics program.

rqt-file-extension
rqt-file-description Report Quality Plotting Module data
rqt-file-description An rqt file extension is related to the Report Quality Plotting Module format.

rqtf-file-extension
rqtf-file-description NI Requirements Gateway project
rqtf-file-description An rqtf file extension is related to the NI Requirements Gateway software. An rqtf file stores project.

rqy-file-extension
rqy-file-description Microsoft Excel OLE DB query
rqy-file-description An rqy file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel a spreadsheet editing tool. An rqy file contains data source used to connect to database.

rra-file-extension
rra-file-description Windows Installer temporary data
rra-file-description Files with rra file extension can be usually found as temporary files generated by Windows Installer installation and configuration service.

rrb-file-extension
rrb-file-description RoboRally Board Editor board data
rrb-file-description Files with rrb file extension might be found as board files made in some older RoboRally Board Editor.

rrbm-file-extension
rrbm-file-description Registrar Registry Manager data
rrbm-file-description An rrbm file extension is associated with the Registrar Registry Manager files.

rrc-file-extension
rrc-file-description BlackBerry Java resource content
rrc-file-description An rrc file extension is related to Eclipse and other tools used to develop apps for BlackBerry phones. An rrc file stores resource content.

rrd-file-extension
rrd-file-description ERDAS IMAGINE data
rrd-file-description An rrd file extension is related to the ERDAS IMAGINE a geospatial data authoring software. An rrd file contains various data.

rrd4j-file-extension
rrd4j-file-description RRD4J graph
rrd4j-file-description An rrd4j file extension is related to the RRD4J, a data logging and graphing system and used for its graph files.

rrds-file-extension
rrds-file-description XWE data
rrds-file-description An rrds file extension is related to the XWE a WAD editing tool and used for its data files.

rrf-file-extension
rrf-file-description Raytech file
rrf-file-description Files with rrf file extension may be apparently found as part of Raytech marine navigation software.

rrg-file-extension
rrg-file-description JRiver Media Center license
rrg-file-description An rrg file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center and used for its license files.

rrh-file-extension
rrh-file-description BlackBerry resource header
rrh-file-description An rrh file extension is related to the Eclipse, an integrated development environment. An rrh file stores BlackBerry resource header.

rri-file-extension
rri-file-description SPEFO Stellar Spectra Analysis data
rri-file-description An rri file extension is related to the SPEFO a Simple, Yet Powerful Program for One-Dimensional Spectra Processing. An rri file stores some kind of stellar spectra analysis data.

rrk-file-extension
rrk-file-description Radamant v2 ransomware affected file
rrk-file-description Files with rrk suffix can be also found as files affected by Radamant ransomware. It represent original file that was encrypted by the ransomware with the extension renamed.

rrl-file-extension
rrl-file-description Road Runner data
rrl-file-description An rrl file extension is related to the Road Runner software.

rrpa-file-extension
rrpa-file-description Oracle Reports Remote Printing Utility PDF report
rrpa-file-description Files with rrpa extension are reports generated by Oracle Reports Remote Printing Utility. An rrpa file stores document in PDF format.

rrr-file-extension
rrr-file-description Registry Mechanic backup
rrr-file-description An rrr file extension is related to the Registry Mechanic and used for its backup files.

rrrx-file-extension
rrrx-file-description Rhapzode compiled output
rrrx-file-description Files with rrrx file extension may be found as compiled output files made using Rhapzode PowerPoint plugin.

rrs-file-extension
rrs-file-description Road Rash saved game position
rrs-file-description Files with rrs suffix are in most cases saved game positions from Road Rash motorcycle-racing video game from 1991.

rrs4-file-extension
rrs4-file-description Remo Recover recovery session
rrs4-file-description An rrs4 file extension is related to the Remo Recover, a data recovery program. An rrs4 file stores recovery session.

rrt-file-extension
rrt-file-description Rhapzode resource template file
rrt-file-description Files with rrt extension are associated with Rhapzode utility. They contain some kind of template data.

rru-file-extension
rru-file-description Ricoh prenter firmware update
rru-file-description An rru file extension is related to copy machines and printers developed by Ricoh. An rru file stores firmware update.

rrv-file-extension
rrv-file-description Unknown file extension
rrv-file-description Files with rrv file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

rrw-file-extension
rrw-file-description Goldmine report
rrw-file-description An rrw file extension is related to the Goldmine management and reporting tool.

rrx-file-extension
rrx-file-description IBM Datacap defines data
rrx-file-description An rrx file extension is related to the IBM Datacap and used for its define files.

rs-file-extension
rs-file-description Sun raster bitmap image
rs-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe RS file extension!

rs1-file-extension
rs1-file-description RETScreen spreadsheet file
rs1-file-description Files with rs1 extension are used by the RETScreen utility. They include some projects data in spreadsheet format.

rs1x-file-extension
rs1x-file-description Microsoft PowerShell ASP data
rs1x-file-description An rs1x file extension stores some kind of data used by Microsoft PowerShell ASP from IIS web server.

rs2-file-extension
rs2-file-description RailSim2 layout file
rs2-file-description Files with rs2 extension are used by the RailSim2 computer game. They contain game data.

rs5-file-extension
rs5-file-description Miasmata RS5 data
rs5-file-description An rs5 file extension is associated with the Miasmata RS5 data format.

rs7-file-extension
rs7-file-description LightTools radiant source model
rs7-file-description An rs7 file extension is related to the LightTools software. An rs7 file stores radiant source model.

rs8-file-extension
rs8-file-description ProSource data
rs8-file-description An rs8 file extension is related to the ProSource and used for its data files.

rsa-file-extension
rsa-file-description RSA digital certificate
rsa-file-description Files with rsa extension can be usually found as digital certificates in RSA format from OpenSSL. Typically used in web browsers.

rsb-file-extension
rsb-file-description Red Storm bitmap image
rsb-file-description An rsb file extension is plugin for Photo Shop and used for its bitmap images.

rsc_tmp-file-extension
rsc_tmp-file-description Temporary data
rsc_tmp-file-description Files with rsc_tmp extension can be found as temporary files.

rsd-file-extension
rsd-file-description REALbasic database
rsd-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe RSD file extension!

rsd-journal-file-extension
rsd-journal-file-description REALSQLDatabase journal
rsd-journal-file-description An rsd-journal file extension is associated with the REALSQLDatabase and used for its journal files.

rsdb-file-extension
rsdb-file-description Resort Software database
rsdb-file-description An rsdb file extension is related to the Resort Software and used for its database files.

rsdf-file-extension
rsdf-file-description RapidShare download settings
rsdf-file-description An rsdf file extension is related to the RapidShare Manager and used for its download settings.

rsdk-file-extension
rsdk-file-description Taxman's Retro-Engine SDK data
rsdk-file-description Files with rsdk file extension can be typically found as game data from games made using ther Taxman's Retro-Engine SDK.

rsdoc-file-extension
rsdoc-file-description DesignSpark Mechanical 3D document
rsdoc-file-description Files with rsdoc extension are mechanical documents from DesignSpark 3D modeling software.

rsds-file-extension
rsds-file-description SharePoint shared data source
rsds-file-description An rsds file extension is related to the SharePoint and SQL Server programs. An rsds file contains data source.

rsed-file-extension
rsed-file-description ResEdit data
rsed-file-description An rsed file extension is related to the ResEdit, a resource editor. An rsed file contains data.

rset-file-extension
rset-file-description Apple Extensions Manager set
rset-file-description An rset file extension is related to the Apple Extensions Manager and used for its set files.

rsf-file-extension
rsf-file-description Mediafour MacDrive Macintosh resource fork
rsf-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe RSF file extension!

rsf%40-file-extension
rsf%40-file-description RSF format binary data
rsf%40-file-description Files with rsf@ file extension are associated with the RSF format binary data format.

rsfx-file-extension
rsfx-file-description Reflection data
rsfx-file-description An rsfx file extension is associated with the Reflection for Windows a terminal emulator.

rsg-file-extension
rsg-file-description Drakan Order Of The Flame file
rsg-file-description Files with rsg extension are used by Drakan: Order of the Flame computer game as a game file.

rsh-file-extension
rsh-file-description Warhammer 40,000 texture
rsh-file-description Files with rsh file extension are used by Warhammer 40,000 computer game. These files store game textures.

rsi-file-extension
rsi-file-description Reactis data
rsi-file-description An rsi file extension is related to the Reactis a testing app for Simulink/Stateflow models.

rsj-file-extension
rsj-file-description Personal Backup data
rsj-file-description An rsj file extension is associated with the Personal Backup software for Windows.

rsk-file-extension
rsk-file-description RiskMan risk project
rsk-file-description An rsk file extension is related to the RiskMan. An rsk file stores risk project.

rsl-file-extension
rsl-file-description Corel Paradox saved form
rsl-file-description Files with rsl file extension may be mainly encountered as forms made and saved using Corel Paradox.

rslib-file-extension
rslib-file-description RobotStudio library
rslib-file-description An rslib file extension is associated with the RobotStudio and used for its library files.

rslkey-file-extension
rslkey-file-description Resilio Sync key
rslkey-file-description An rslkey file extension is related to the Resilio Sync and used for its key files.

rsls-file-extension
rsls-file-description Resilio Sync placeholder
rsls-file-description An rsls file extension is associated with the Resilio Sync software and used for its placeholder files.

rsm-file-extension
rsm-file-description ReliaSoft MPC 3 data
rsm-file-description An rsm file extension is related to the ReliaSoft MPC 3 software. An rsm file stores data.

rsml-file-extension
rsml-file-description RealPlayer ML data
rsml-file-description An rsml file extension is related to the RealPlayer, a video playback software. An rsml file stores data.

rsn-file-extension
rsn-file-description Propellerhead Reason audio data
rsn-file-description An rsn file extension is related to the Reason developed by Propellerhead. An rsn file stores audio data.

rsnp-file-extension
rsnp-file-description Regsnap data
rsnp-file-description An rsnp file extension is related to the Regsnap a Windows Registry app.

rso-file-extension
rso-file-description LEGO NXT brick audio data
rso-file-description An rso file extension is related to the LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT and used for its audio data.

rsp-file-extension
rsp-file-description Linker response data
rsp-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe RSP file extension!

rspag-file-extension
rspag-file-description ABB RobotStudio data
rspag-file-description An rspag file extension is associated with the ABB RobotStudio, a development software. An rspag file stores some kind of data.

rsq-file-extension
rsq-file-description IBM 4690 Operating System​ data
rsq-file-description Files with rsq file extension are related to the IBM 4690 Operating System​ data format.

rsr-file-extension
rsr-file-description Poser model preview
rsr-file-description An rsr file extension is related to the Poser, a 3D figure design tool. An rsr file contains model preview data.

rsrc-file-extension
rsrc-file-description MAC OS resource data
rsrc-file-description An rsrc file extension is related to the Mac OS X (macOS) operating system and used for its resource files.

rsrs-file-extension
rsrs-file-description Buddy API data
rsrs-file-description An rsrs file extension is related to the Buddy API and used for its API data.

rssc-file-extension
rssc-file-description Claris Resolve script file
rssc-file-description Detailed description

rsstn-file-extension
rsstn-file-description ABB RobotStudio data
rsstn-file-description An rsstn file extension is associated with the RobotStudio, a development environment. An rsstn file stores some kind of data.

rst-file-extension
rst-file-description IBM Voice Type languages scripts data
rst-file-description An rst file extension is related to legacy software called IBM Voice Type.

rstm-file-extension
rstm-file-description XWE data
rstm-file-description An rstm file extension is associated with the XWE software for Windows.

rstyle-file-extension
rstyle-file-description pCon.planner style
rstyle-file-description Files with rstyle file extension are commonly used by pCon.planner application for Windows.

rsu-file-extension
rsu-file-description Reflection for IBM updated settings
rsu-file-description An rsu file extension is related to the Reflection for IBM a terminal emulation software. An rsu file contains updated settings.

rsv-file-extension
rsv-file-description RSView32 project
rsv-file-description Files with rsv file extension are projects saved in RSView32 program from Rockwell Automation.

rsw-file-extension
rsw-file-description R&R SQL Report Writer report
rsw-file-description An rsw file extension is related to the R&R SQL Report Writer report files.

rsx-file-extension
rsx-file-description Temporary Red Alert camera data
rsx-file-description An rsx file extension is related to Temporary Red Alert and used for its camera data.

rsy-file-extension
rsy-file-description FLEXIT multishot survey RAW data
rsy-file-description An rsy file extension is related to the FLEXIT multishot survey RAW data file format.

rsym-file-extension
rsym-file-description ArchiCAD for Mac Geometric Description Language data
rsym-file-description An rsym file extension is associated with the ArchiCAD for Apple Mac. An rsym file contains Geometric Description Language data.

rs_-file-extension
rs_-file-description Macintosh resource fork
rs_-file-description An rs_ file extension is related to the Mac OS (also known as Classic Mac OS) and used for its resource fork.

rt-file-extension
rt-file-description Rich Text document
rt-file-description Files with rt file extension can also be found as documents saved in Rich Text Format. The default rtf extension is much more common though.

rt2-file-extension
rt2-file-description OziExplorerCE route data
rt2-file-description Files with rt2 file extension can be found as GPS route files for OziExplorerCE navigation software.

rt4-file-extension
rt4-file-description Panasonic WJ-RT416 video recording
rt4-file-description Files with rt4 file extension can be usually encountered as video recordings from Panasonic WJ-RT416 digital media center for security cameras management.

rta-file-extension
rta-file-description IBM Voice Type languages vocabulary
rta-file-description An rta file extension is associated with the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages vocabulary.

rtab-file-extension
rtab-file-description Randy Tab Guitar tablature data
rtab-file-description An rtab file extension is related to the Randy Tab Guitar and used for its tablature files.

rtb-file-extension
rtb-file-description Behemot binary 3D scene
rtb-file-description An rtb file extension is related to the Behemot binary 3D scene format.

rtc-file-extension
rtc-file-description Microsoft Office Live Meeting connection data
rtc-file-description An rtc file extension is related to the Microsoft Office Live Meeting a collaboration software. An rtc file stores connection settings.

rtc-ms-file-extension
rtc-ms-file-description Microsoft Office Live Meeting data
rtc-ms-file-description An rtc-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Office Live Meeting included in Office 2007.

rtd-file-extension
rtd-file-description Retina Network Security scanner output data
rtd-file-description An rtd file extension is related to the Retina Network Security and used for its scanner output files.

rtda-file-extension
rtda-file-description Microsoft Enterprise Voice Route Helper data
rtda-file-description An rtda file suffix is associated with the Microsoft Enterprise Voice Route Helper program. An rtda file contains data.

rtdf-file-extension
rtdf-file-description Rich text document
rtdf-file-description Files with rtdf file extension can be found as old rich text documents.

rte-file-extension
rte-file-description OziExplorer route
rte-file-description Files with rte file extension can be found as navigation route files for OziExplorer software.

rtex-file-extension
rtex-file-description Rhino 3D texture
rtex-file-description An rtex file extension is related to the Rhino, a 3D modeling software. An rtex file stores texture.

rtf2-file-extension
rtf2-file-description Rich Text Format document
rtf2-file-description An rtf2 file extension is related to the Rich Text Format, a text format.

rtfd-file-extension
rtfd-file-description Rich text with graphic document
rtfd-file-description Files with rtfd extension can be most notably found as documents saved in a variant of RTF format, so called Rich text with graphic document file format, from a program by Bean Word Processor.

rtfenx-file-extension
rtfenx-file-description Unknown file extension
rtfenx-file-description Files with rtfenx file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

rtf_-file-extension
rtf_-file-description Rich text format file - Mac File Type
rtf_-file-description An rtf_ file extension can commonly be found as text files in Rich Text Format. Supported by most text editors.

rtg-file-extension
rtg-file-description Autodesk Maya 3D scene data
rtg-file-description Files with rtg file extension are related to the Autodesk Maya 3D scene data format.

rth-file-extension
rth-file-description ANSYS results file
rth-file-description Files with rth suffix is used for ANSYS DesignModeler to do applications developed by ANSYS. It stores generated results data.

rti-file-extension
rti-file-description Real Tracker instrument
rti-file-description An rti file extension is related to the Real Tracker software. An rti file contains instruments.

rtk-file-extension
rtk-file-description Adobe RoboHelp configuration
rtk-file-description Files with rtk file extension can mainly be found as configuration files from Adobe RoboHelp help authoring software.

rtkt-file-extension
rtkt-file-description Royaltek binary data file
rtkt-file-description Detailed description

rtl-file-extension
rtl-file-description Runtime library
rtl-file-description An rtl file extension is related to the runtime library files used by various apps and compilers.

rtm-file-extension
rtm-file-description Real Tracker music module (MOD)
rtm-file-description An rtm file extension is related to the Real Tracker music module (MOD) file format

rtmap-file-extension
rtmap-file-description CompeGPS Land raster map
rtmap-file-description Files with rtmap file extension are in most cases raster map images created using the CompeGPS navigation app.

rtml-file-extension
rtml-file-description Runeberg Text Markup Language document
rtml-file-description An rtml file extension is related to the Runeberg Text Markup Language document format.

rtmp-file-extension
rtmp-file-description JRiver Media Center data
rtmp-file-description An rtmp file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center a multimedia playback tool.

rtn-file-extension
rtn-file-description MeasureMind 3D data
rtn-file-description Files with rtn file extension seems to be mostly used for some kind of data files from MeasureMind 3D software.

rto-file-extension
rto-file-description Rumba file transfer profile
rto-file-description Files with rto file extension can be found as file transfer profiles from old NetManage Rumba.

rtp-file-extension
rtp-file-description Software update
rtp-file-description An rtp file stores update data for Microsoft Windows and MS-DOS operating systems as well as TurboTax and others .

rtpi-file-extension
rtpi-file-description 3rdTech scanner file
rtpi-file-description The RTPI file extension is related to the 3rdTech scanning devices and used for their scan document files.

rtr-file-extension
rtr-file-description Astrotite 200X offline data repair file format
rtr-file-description Files with rtr file extension are related to the Astrotite 200X offline data repair file format.

rts-file-extension
rts-file-description Resource Tuner Console script
rts-file-description An rts file extension is related to the Resource Tuner Console scripts.

rtsl-file-extension
rtsl-file-description RealAudio RTSL document file
rtsl-file-description Files with rtsl extension are used by the RealNetworks software.

rtsp-file-extension
rtsp-file-description Apple QuickTime real-time streaming protocol
rtsp-file-description Files with rtsp file extension can be found as media files based on the Apple QuickTime real-time streaming protocol.

rtstn-file-extension
rtstn-file-description Audials Radiotracker data
rtstn-file-description An rtstn file extension is related to the Audials Radiotracker software.

rtsx-file-extension
rtsx-file-description Royal TS document settings
rtsx-file-description Files with rtsx file extension might be found as document encryption settings for Royal TS remote connection platform.

rtt-file-extension
rtt-file-description Ragtime data
rtt-file-description An rtt file extension is related to the Ragtime software. An rtt file contains data.

rtttl-file-extension
rtttl-file-description RTTTL / Nokring mobile ring-tone format
rtttl-file-description Files with rtttl suffix can be found as old ringtones in NokRing format used in Nokia phones.

rtu-file-extension
rtu-file-description RivaTuner update
rtu-file-description An rtu file extension is related to the RivaTuner and used for its update files.

rtv-file-extension
rtv-file-description NewTek uncompressed video data
rtv-file-description An rtv file extension is related to the NewTek uncompressed video file format.

rtw-file-extension
rtw-file-description Real-Time Workshop database
rtw-file-description Files with rtw suffix are description databases from Real-Time Workshop software, which is now known as Simulink Coder.

rtwsh-file-extension
rtwsh-file-description Radiotracker data
rtwsh-file-description A rtwsh file extension is related to the Radiotracker software for Microsoft Windows. A rtwsh file contains data.

rtx-file-extension
rtx-file-description Mobile phone ringtone
rtx-file-description An rtx file extension is associated with the LogoManager program for Windows. An rtx file contains phone ringtone.

rtz-file-extension
rtz-file-description Eraser Bot for Quake 2 route data
rtz-file-description An rtz file extension is related to the Eraser Bot and used for its route data.

rt_-file-extension
rt_-file-description Microsoft WinHelp compressed help document
rt_-file-description An rt_ file extension is related to the Microsoft WinHelp and used for its compressed help documents.

ru-file-extension
ru-file-description Russian text or localization file
ru-file-description Files with ru file extension can be typically found as localization or text files in Russian language.

rub-file-extension
rub-file-description JQuery rules file
rub-file-description Files with rub extension are used by JQuery JavaScript library. They include rules for JQuery in a text file format.

ruby-file-extension
ruby-file-description Ruby ransomware affected file
ruby-file-description Files with ruby extension may be also encountered as files that have been encrypted and renamed by the Ruby ransomware.

ruel-file-extension
ruel-file-description Revo Uninstaller Pro data
ruel-file-description An ruel file extension is related to the Revo Uninstaller Pro. An ruel file stores some kind of data used by Revo.

ruf-file-extension
ruf-file-description ProWORX tables reference data
ruf-file-description A ruf file extension is related to the ProWORX, a programming app for Midicon PLCs. A ruf file contains references for tables.

ruj-file-extension
ruj-file-description Oracle Recovery-Unit Journal file format
ruj-file-description Files with ruj file extension can be also found as journal files from Oracle Recovery-Unit.

rul-file-extension
rul-file-description Rule settings
rul-file-description A rul file extension is related to files that are used to store rules, settings, configuration data etc.

rule-file-extension
rule-file-description Visual C++ project rules
rule-file-description A rule file extension is related to the Visual C++ development tool. A rule file stores rules for project.

ruleset-file-extension
ruleset-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Code Analysis ruleset file
ruleset-file-description FIles with ruleset extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio.

rum-file-extension
rum-file-description Bink video subtitles
rum-file-description A rum file extension is related to the Bink video subtitles format, developed by RAD game tools.

run-file-extension
run-file-description UNIX Shell Installer installation archive
run-file-description A run file extension is mainly related to the Unix and Unix based operating systems. A run file stores program installation archive and commands for installing it to operating system.

rup-file-extension
rup-file-description IBM Rational Unified Process data
rup-file-description Files with rup file extension can be found as Rational Unified Process libraries for IBM Rational Method Composer.

rus-file-extension
rus-file-description Russian text or localization data
rus-file-description A rus file extension is related to the Russian text or localization files.

rv-file-extension
rv-file-description RealVideo video
rv-file-description An rv file extension is related to the RealVideo video streaming format.

rv3-file-extension
rv3-file-description Newsbin Pro data
rv3-file-description An rv3 file extension is related to the NewsBin program. An rv3 file contains data.

rv7-file-extension
rv7-file-description Reason data
rv7-file-description An rv7 file extension is related to the Reason and used for its data files.

rv9-file-extension
rv9-file-description RealVideo movie
rv9-file-description An rv9 file extension is related to RealVideo a proprietary video compression format. An rv9 file stores movie.

rva-file-extension
rva-file-description Lattice Reveal Analyzer project
rva-file-description Files with rva file extension is related to the Lattice Reveal Analyzer project.

rvb-file-extension
rvb-file-description Rhinoceros 3D Visual Basic script
rvb-file-description An rvb file extension is generally used for VB script files utilized in Rhinoceros 3D graphic modeling software.

rvc-file-extension
rvc-file-description TNTmips Windows version project
rvc-file-description Files with rvc file extension can be found as projects from older TNTmips program by MicroImages.

rvd-file-extension
rvd-file-description VPHybridCAD native drawing format
rvd-file-description Files with rvd file extension are related to the VPHybridCAD native drawing format.

rvdata-file-extension
rvdata-file-description RPG Maker data
rvdata-file-description Files with rvdata file extension might be found as game data resource archives from RPG Maker project.

rvdata2-file-extension
rvdata2-file-description RPG Maker VX data
rvdata2-file-description An rvdata2 file extension is related RPG Maker VX and used for its data files.

rve-file-extension
rve-file-description Resolve-It data
rve-file-description Files with rve file extension could be in the past found as part of Resolve-It software by Ampersand Design. No longer used.

rvf-file-extension
rvf-file-description RichView document
rvf-file-description Files with rvf extension can be mainly found as documents prepared and  saved using the RichView ext editing tool.

rvg-file-extension
rvg-file-description Revit external group data
rvg-file-description An rvg file extension is related to the Revit, an architectural design software developed by Autodesk and used for its external group files.

rvi-file-extension
rvi-file-description Revenant game archive
rvi-file-description An rvi file extension is related to the Revenant and used for its game archives.

rvid-file-extension
rvid-file-description Snapz Pro X video file
rvid-file-description Files with rvid extension are used by the Snapz Pro X program developed for Apple Mac OS X. They contain some data captured by the program.

rvl-file-extension
rvl-file-description muvee project
rvl-file-description Files with rvl file extension can be typically encountered as video projects from muvee video editing software.

rvm-file-extension
rvm-file-description AVEVA PDMS project
rvm-file-description Files with rvm extension can be nowadays mainly encountered as projects from AVEVA PDMS 3D modeling program.

rvmat-file-extension
rvmat-file-description Armed Assault texture
rvmat-file-description An rvmat file extension is related to the ArmA: Armed Assault computer game. An rvmat file contains texture.

rvo-file-extension
rvo-file-description ER/Studio Data Lineage Quick Launch data
rvo-file-description An rvo file extension is related to the ER/Studio Data Lineage Quick Launch data files.

rvp-file-extension
rvp-file-description Microsoft Scan configuration
rvp-file-description Files with rvp file extension can be found as configuration files for Microsoft Scan service in Windows.

rvproj-file-extension
rvproj-file-description RPG Maker VX project file
rvproj-file-description Files with rvproj extension are used for the RPG Maker VX editor. They include game projects.

rvproj2-file-extension
rvproj2-file-description RPG Maker VX project
rvproj2-file-description Files with rvproj2 file extension can be found as saved projects from RPG Maker VX Ace game development toolkit.

rvq-file-extension
rvq-file-description Autodesk CFD radiation data
rvq-file-description Files with rvq file suffix are associated with the Autodesk CFD software. An rvq file contains radiation data.

rvr-file-extension
rvr-file-description SPEFO stellar spectra analysis data
rvr-file-description An rvr file extension is related to the SPEFO stellar spectra analysis data format.

rvs-file-extension
rvs-file-description RasterVect raster and vector graphics
rvs-file-description Files with rvs extension are typically graphics file projects prepared to be converted to other format made using RasterVect.

rvt-file-extension
rvt-file-description Autodesk Revit Architecture project
rvt-file-description Files with rvt extension  may be mainly found as projects saved in the Revit Architecture modeling software by Autodesk.

rvw-file-extension
rvw-file-description ReviewMate review file
rvw-file-description Files with rvw extension are used for ReviewMate program. They store saved reviews.

rvx-file-extension
rvx-file-description RealNetworks protected video
rvx-file-description An rvx file extension is related to the protected video format developed by RealNetworks.

rvz-file-extension
rvz-file-description AVEVA Review 3D model
rvz-file-description An rvz file extension is related to the AVEVA Review software and used for its 3D models.

rw-file-extension
rw-file-description BVE Trainsim railway definition
rw-file-description Files with rw file extension can be found as railway definition files from BVE Trainsim.

rw3-file-extension
rw3-file-description RapidWeaver site design
rw3-file-description An rw3 file extension is related to the RapidWeaver, a web designing program and used for its site design.

rw5-file-extension
rw5-file-description Survey Pro data
rw5-file-description An rw5 file extension is related to the Survey Pro and used for its data files.

rwa-file-extension
rwa-file-description Weibull++ data
rwa-file-description An rwa file extension is related to ReliaSoft Weibull++, a life data analysis program. An rwa file contains data.

rwar-file-extension
rwar-file-description XWE data
rwar-file-description Files with rwar file extension are related to the XWE editing tool for Windows.

rwav-file-extension
rwav-file-description XWE data
rwav-file-description An rwav file extension is related to the eXtendable Wad Editor files.

rwb-file-extension
rwb-file-description RefWorks backup
rwb-file-description Files with rwb file extension are related to the RefWorks backup format.

rwc-file-extension
rwc-file-description WAsP regional wind climate file
rwc-file-description The rwc extension files are used by the WAsP program. These files might be created by saving the results of a wind atlas calculation.

rwd-file-extension
rwd-file-description RWD compressed game archive
rwd-file-description An rwd file extension is related to the Axis and Allies or Kohan 2 video games. An rwd file contains RWD compressed game archive.

rwf-file-extension
rwf-file-description ReFrame workspace
rwf-file-description Files with rwf file extension may be found as saved workspaces from the ReFrame by HingePoint.

rwg-file-extension
rwg-file-description Random Word Generator project
rwg-file-description Files with rwg suffix are in most cases projects for the Random Word Generator program.

rwk-file-extension
rwk-file-description Bentley InRoads project
rwk-file-description An rwk file extension is related to the Bentley InRoads and used for its project files.

rwl-file-extension
rwl-file-description Leica D-Lux 4 RAW image
rwl-file-description Files with rwl file extension can be found as D-Lux 4 digital raw images from digital cameras developed by Leica.

rwlibrary-file-extension
rwlibrary-file-description Paperless receipt library
rwlibrary-file-description An rwlibrary file extension is associated with the Paperless software. An rwlibrary file contains receipt library.

rwm-file-extension
rwm-file-description Windows Imaging Resource only image
rwm-file-description An rwm file extension is related to the Windows Imaging Resource a file-based disk image format used for installation of Windows operating system.

rwo-file-extension
rwo-file-description Matlab output data
rwo-file-description An rwo file extension is related to the Matlab software for various platforms. An rwo file contains output data.

rwp-file-extension
rwp-file-description RapidWeaver web package
rwp-file-description Files with rwp file extension can be found as web packages from Realmac RapidWeaver software.

rwplugin-file-extension
rwplugin-file-description RapidWeaver plugin
rwplugin-file-description Files with rwplugin file extension are related to the RapidWeaver and used for its plugins.

rwr-file-extension
rwr-file-description RiffWorks intelliRiffer data
rwr-file-description An rwr file extension is related to the RiffWorks intelliRiffer. An rwr file contains data.

rws-file-extension
rws-file-description Borland C++ resource workshop symbol
rws-file-description An rws  file extension is related to the Borland C++, a development environment and used for its resource workshop symbol files.

rwsd-file-extension
rwsd-file-description XWE data
rwsd-file-description An rwsd file extension is related to the XWE software for Microsoft Windows.

rwsnippet-file-extension
rwsnippet-file-description RapidWeaver snippet file
rwsnippet-file-description The RWSNIPPET file extension is related to the RapidWeaver and used for its snippet files.

rwstyle-file-extension
rwstyle-file-description RapidWeaver style file
rwstyle-file-description The RWSTYLE file extension is related to the RapidWeaver and used for its style files.

rwsw-file-extension
rwsw-file-description RapidWeaver website saved project
rwsw-file-description Files with rwsw file extension can be found mainly as website projects created and saved RapidWeaver software.

rwt-file-extension
rwt-file-description ReadWriteThink data
rwt-file-description Files with rwt extension are in most cases data files from the ReadWriteThink applications.

rwtheme-file-extension
rwtheme-file-description RapidWeaver theme file
rwtheme-file-description Detailed description

rwtl-file-extension
rwtl-file-description HyperRESEARCH file
rwtl-file-description Files with RWTL extension can be found as part of HyperRESEARCH application.

rwv-file-extension
rwv-file-description Jane's F-18 audio resource
rwv-file-description An rwv file extension is related to the Jane's F-18 flight simulator. An rwv file stores audio resource.

rwx-file-extension
rwx-file-description Netscape Live 3D data
rwx-file-description An rwx file extension is associated with the Netscape Live and used for its 3D data.

rwz-file-extension
rwz-file-description Microsoft Outlook Internet rules settings
rwz-file-description An rwz file extension is used for Microsoft Outlook Internet rules settings files. Internet rules settings files contain rules to filter e-mail messages.

rx-file-extension
rx-file-description MS-DOS 7 data
rx-file-description An rx file extension is related to the MS-DOS operating system. An rx file stores some kind of data.

rx2-file-extension
rx2-file-description ReCycle! audio loop file
rx2-file-description Files with the rx2 suffix can be typically found as audio loops made with the ReCycle audio editing software.

rx3-file-extension
rx3-file-description FIFA texture
rx3-file-description Files with rx3 file extension are textures for FIFA football simulation video game series from Electronic Arts.

rxa-file-extension
rxa-file-description Retro-X animation
rxa-file-description An rxa file extension is related to the Retro-X animation file format.

rxc-file-extension
rxc-file-description Easy CD Creator drag to disk data
rxc-file-description An rxc file extension is related to the Easy CD Creator. An rxc file stores drag to disk files.

rxd-file-extension
rxd-file-description Attachmate Reflection X Manager definition data
rxd-file-description An rxd file extension is related to the Attachmate Reflection X Manager and used for its definition files.

rxdata-file-extension
rxdata-file-description RPG Maker RMXP data
rxdata-file-description Files with rxdata file extension can be found as some kind of RMXP game data files produced by RPG Maker.

rxdoc-file-extension
rxdoc-file-description iZotope RX document
rxdoc-file-description An rxdoc file extension is related to the iZotope RX, an audio and video editing software.

rxe-file-extension
rxe-file-description Lego Mindstorms NXT executable
rxe-file-description An rxe file extension is related to the Lego Mindstorms NXT software. An rxe file contains executable data.

rxf-file-extension
rxf-file-description Recipe exchange format
rxf-file-description An rxf file extension is related to the Recipe exchange file format. An rxf file contains recipe data.

rxh-file-extension
rxh-file-description Reflex database help data
rxh-file-description An rxh file extension is related to the Borland Reflex and used for its database help files.

rxl-file-extension
rxl-file-description Seetrax Ranger CAD drawing
rxl-file-description An rxl file extension is related to the Seetrax Ranger and used for its CAD drawing files.

rxm-file-extension
rxm-file-description Reflection X multi session data
rxm-file-description An .rxm file extension is related to the Reflection X and used for its multi session files.

rxml-file-extension
rxml-file-description Roxen Macro Language source code
rxml-file-description An rxml file extension is related to the Roxen Macro Language developed by Roxen Internet Software.

rxn-file-extension
rxn-file-description MDL chemical reaction format
rxn-file-description An rxn file extension is related to the MDL chemical reaction format.

rxo-file-extension
rxo-file-description RINEX observation data
rxo-file-description An rxo file extension is related to the RINEX (Receiver Independent Exchange Format).

rxp-file-extension
rxp-file-description Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 playlist
rxp-file-description An rxp file extension is related to the Easy CD & DVD Creator 6 playlist files.

rxproj-file-extension
rxproj-file-description RPG Maker project
rxproj-file-description Files with rxproj file extension can be found as projects created and saved in RPG Maker software.

rxr-file-extension
rxr-file-description Borland Reflex database report
rxr-file-description An rxr file extension is related to the Borland Reflex database tool. An rxr file stores database report.

rxs-file-extension
rxs-file-description RSIGuard RSIScript data
rxs-file-description An rxs file extension is related to the RSIGuard and used for its script files.

rxt-file-extension
rxt-file-description Retrospect extension data
rxt-file-description An rxt file extension is related to the Retrospect and used for its extension files.

rxw-file-extension
rxw-file-description XWE data
rxw-file-description An rxw file extension is associated with the eXtendable Wad Editor software.

rxx-file-extension
rxx-file-description RAR compressed files from a multi-volume archive
rxx-file-description An rxx file extension is associated with the WinRAR compression utility. An rxx file stores a part of multi-volume RAR archive.

ryb-file-extension
ryb-file-description Raynerboss executable data
ryb-file-description Files with ryb file extension can be encountered as special executable files from Raynerboss.org platform.

rys-file-extension
rys-file-description Mamut picture image
rys-file-description Files with rys file extension are commonly used by Mamut picture image file format.

rz-file-extension
rz-file-description rzip compressed archive
rz-file-description An rz file extension is associated with the rzip compressed archive file format developed by Andrew Tridgell

rz3dlrclt-file-extension
rz3dlrclt-file-description YouTube Movie Maker data
rz3dlrclt-file-description An rz3dlrclt file extension is related to the YouTube Movie Maker software for Microsoft Windows.

rzb-file-extension
rzb-file-description Red Zion E-book book
rzb-file-description An rzb file extension is related to the Red Zion E-Book format. An rzb file stores book.

rzfl-file-extension
rzfl-file-description YouTube Movie Maker data
rzfl-file-description An rzfl file extension is related to the YouTube Movie Maker software for Microsoft Windows.

rzi-file-extension
rzi-file-description Autodesk ImageModeler project
rzi-file-description An rzi file extension is associated with the ImageModeler, a 3D modeling tool. An rzi file contains project.

rzip-file-extension
rzip-file-description Mistaken RZ file
rzip-file-description The rzip extension files are not yet yet associated or used by any program.

rzk-file-extension
rzk-file-description File Crypt password data
rzk-file-description An rzk file extension is related to the File Crypt software and used for Microsoft Windows and used for its password data.

rzlayer-file-extension
rzlayer-file-description YouTube Movie Maker data
rzlayer-file-description An rzlayer file extension is associated with the YouTube Movie Maker software from RealZeal Soft.

rzlrc-file-extension
rzlrc-file-description YouTube Movie Maker data
rzlrc-file-description An rzlrc file extension is associated with the YouTube Movie Maker software developed by RealZeal Soft.

rzmmpj-file-extension
rzmmpj-file-description YouTube Movie Maker data
rzmmpj-file-description Files with rzmmpj file extension are used by YouTube Movie Maker tool for Windows.

rzmmpt-file-extension
rzmmpt-file-description YouTube Movie Maker template
rzmmpt-file-description Files with rzmmpt file extension are related to the YouTube Movie Maker template format.

rzn-file-extension
rzn-file-description Red Zion E-book notes
rzn-file-description An rzn file extension is related to the Red Zion E-book software. An rzn file stores notes.

rzp-file-extension
rzp-file-description Razen PCB design
rzp-file-description An rzp file extension is related to the Razen PCB designing tool. An rzp file stores PCB design.

rzr-file-extension
rzr-file-description Renamed WinRAR archive
rzr-file-description Files with rzr file extension can sometimes be found as renamed warez RAR archives from Razor 1911 group.

rzs-file-extension
rzs-file-description Autodesk Stitcher Unlimited project file
rzs-file-description Files with rzs extension are used for Autodesk Stitcher Unlimited as an graphics (panorama) file format.

rzsf-file-extension
rzsf-file-description YouTube Movie Maker data
rzsf-file-description An rzsf file extension is associated with the YouTube Movie Maker software from RealZeal Soft.

rzx-file-extension
rzx-file-description File Crypt encrypted data
rzx-file-description An rzx file extension is related to the File Crypt, a data encryption software and used for its encrypted files.

safariextz-file-extension
safariextz-file-description Apple Safari extension
safariextz-file-description Files with safariextz file extension can be found as extensions, plugins for Safari web browser by Apple. Used to add new features to the browser.

sav-file-extension
sav-file-description Saved game file

save-file-extension
save-file-description Doom 3 saved game

sbf-file-extension
sbf-file-description Google Android mobile phone backup file

sbu-file-extension
sbu-file-description Samsung Kies backup
sbu-file-description Files with sbu extension can be commonly found as smartphone backups preformed using the Samsung Kies software. Used to restore contacts and other data to the device.

sc2replay-file-extension
sc2replay-file-description Starcraft 2 game replay
sc2replay-file-description Files with sc2replay extension are game replays from Stacraft 2 computer game. To watch the replays, copy them to their default replay folder and watch them in the game.

scpt-file-extension
scpt-file-description AppleScript script
scpt-file-description Files with scpt suffix are in most cases scripts saved in AppleScript scripting language.

scr-file-extension
scr-file-description MS Windows screensaver

sda-file-extension
sda-file-description Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org) drawing

sdc-file-extension
sdc-file-description OpenOffice.org spreadsheet

sdd-file-extension
sdd-file-description OpenOffice.org presentation

sdf-file-extension
sdf-file-description SQL Server compact edition database

sdw-file-extension
sdw-file-description OpenOffice.org text document

sfcache-file-extension
sfcache-file-description ReadyBoost cache
sfcache-file-description Files with sfcache extension are used for Microsoft Windows ReadyBoost cache files. They are stored on flash memory device (USB flash, SD card, CompactFlash etc.) and generally used to faster random disk reads that speed up a computer.

sisx-file-extension
sisx-file-description Symbian OS program installation executable
sisx-file-description Files with sisx extension can be typically found as executable installation files for mostly Symbian based mobile phones (Nokia, Motorola, Samsung).

sit-file-extension
sit-file-description StuffIt archive format

sitd-file-extension
sitd-file-description StuffIt archive
sitd-file-description A sitd file extension is related to the StuffIt, a data compression software. A sitd file contains archive.

sitx-file-extension
sitx-file-description StuffIt archive
sitx-file-description Files with sitx file extension can be most often encountered as compressed archives made using StuffIt archiver advanced compression software developed by Smith Micro Software.

skn-file-extension
skn-file-description Skin

skp-file-extension
skp-file-description SketchUp graphics

smc-file-extension
smc-file-description Super Nintendo game-console ROM image

smd-file-extension
smd-file-description Sega Genesis ROM emulator data

snd-file-extension
snd-file-description Sound data

sng-file-extension
sng-file-description Audio or song

snp-file-extension
snp-file-description Microsoft Access report shapshot

spb-file-extension
spb-file-description Samsung Kies exported phone contacts library

spba-file-extension
spba-file-description Samsung Kies phone contacts library
spba-file-description Files with spba extension are in most cases special contact list backups from Samsung Phones made using the Samsung Kies software.

spd-file-extension
spd-file-description S Note note (new version)

sql-file-extension
sql-file-description Structured Query Language Data SQL data
sql-file-description An sql file extension is used for SQL (Structured Query Language) data files. This file is used to exchange or export/import data from relational SQL databases, contains various SQL instructions etc. It is a text file, but only useful together with various sql database servers and sql management software.

sqlite-file-extension
sqlite-file-description SQLite database

src-file-extension
src-file-description Generally source code

srg-file-extension
srg-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint self-registration data

srm-file-extension
srm-file-description Super Nintendo ROM saved game

srt-file-extension
srt-file-description SubRip video subtitle format

stl-file-extension
stl-file-description Stereolithography CAD data

sub-file-extension
sub-file-description DivX movie subtitle file format

sup-file-extension
sup-file-description 3D Subtitle format

svg-file-extension
svg-file-description XML based scalable vector graphics format

svgz-file-extension
svgz-file-description Compressed SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics)
svgz-file-description Files with svgz file extension can be found as special, compressed variant of SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) file format.

svp-file-extension
svp-file-description Virtual DJ visualization effects

swf-file-extension
swf-file-description ShockWave Flash, Animated vector format for the Internet

swp-file-extension
swp-file-description Swap file

sxc-file-extension
sxc-file-description Apache OpenOffice 1.0 spreadsheet

sxw-file-extension
sxw-file-description OpenOffice.org Writer document
sxw-file-description Files with sxw extension can be usually found as older documents made using some previous version of OpenOffice.org Writer.

sys-file-extension
sys-file-description System file
sys-file-description Files with sys file extension can be often found as various system files in DOS / Windows and other operating systems. They contain information needed to properly load and configure operating system. A corrupted or missing system file can cause the system to be unstable or unable to boot.

s-file-extension
s-file-description Source code
s-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe S file extension!

s%23%2Ba-file-extension
s%23%2Ba-file-description RagTime 2 file
s%23%2Ba-file-description Detailed description

s00-file-extension
s00-file-description Split Multi-volume ZipSplitter compressed file archive (part 1)
s00-file-description An s00 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume ZipSplitter compressed file archive (part 1).

s01-file-extension
s01-file-description Corel WordPerfect distribution data
s01-file-description Files with s01 file extension can also be found as some sort of distribution data files for Corel WordPerfect word processor.

s02-file-extension
s02-file-description Corel WordPerfect distribution data
s02-file-description An s02 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerect, a word processor. An s02 file contains distribution data.

s03-file-extension
s03-file-description Corel WordPerfect distribution file
s03-file-description Files with s03 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect. Files store some distribution data.

s04-file-extension
s04-file-description Split Multi-volume ZipSplitter compressed file archive (part 5)
s04-file-description An s04 file extension is related to the ZipSplitter and used for its part of multi-volume archive.

s05-file-extension
s05-file-description Split Multi-volume ZipSplitter compressed file archive (part 6)
s05-file-description An s05 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume ZipSplitter compressed file archive (part 6).

s06-file-extension
s06-file-description Split Multi-volume ZipSplitter compressed file archive (part 7)
s06-file-description An s06 file extension is related to the ZipSplitter program. An s06 file stores compressed file archive.

s07-file-extension
s07-file-description TaxCalc 2007 data
s07-file-description An s07 file extension is related to the TaxCalc version 2007. An s07 file contains accounting data.

s08-file-extension
s08-file-description Split Multi-volume ZipSplitter compressed file archive (part 9)
s08-file-description An s08 file extension is related to one part of a multi-volume compressed ZipSplitter archive.

s09-file-extension
s09-file-description Split Multi-volume ZipSplitter compressed file archive (part 10)
s09-file-description An s09 file extension is related to the ZipSplitter tool for Windows. An s09 file stores compressed file archive (part 10) created by ZipSplitter.

s10-file-extension
s10-file-description Brasfoot saved game
s10-file-description An s10 file extension is related to the Brasfoot video game and used for its saved game positions.

s10w-file-extension
s10w-file-description S10 WebAlbums data
s10w-file-description An s10w file extension is related to the S10 WebAlbums software for Microsoft Windows.

s11-file-extension
s11-file-description Sealed MPEG-1 video
s11-file-description An s11 file extension is related to the Sealed MPEG-1 video format.

s12-file-extension
s12-file-description WISO Steuer-Sparbuch 2012 data
s12-file-description An s12 file extension is related to the WISO Steuer-Sparbuch version 2012 software.

s16-file-extension
s16-file-description Football Manager game data
s16-file-description An s16 file extension is associated with the Football Manager video game. An s16 file contains game data.

s19-file-extension
s19-file-description Motorola EEPROM programming data
s19-file-description Files with s19 file suffix are mainly related to source codes written in Motorola EEPROM programming language.

s1j-file-extension
s1j-file-description Sealed file
s1j-file-description Files with S1J extension are related to Sealed DRM software platform, now owned by Oracle.

s1p-file-extension
s1p-file-description Touchstone 1 s-parameter data
s1p-file-description An s1p file extension is related to the Touchstone parameter file format for Touchstone eponymous frequency-domain linear circuit simulator from EEsof (now Agilent Technologies).

s2-file-extension
s2-file-description Motorola S-record format
s2-file-description Files with s2 extension are connected with the Motorola S-record file format.

s28-file-extension
s28-file-description Genesis or Sega32X ROM image
s28-file-description Files with s28 file extension can be found as ROM files from old Genesis or Sega32X emulators.

s2a-file-extension
s2a-file-description Yamaha media data
s2a-file-description Files with s2a file extension can be found as multimedia files used in Yamaha devices.

s2b-file-extension
s2b-file-description Yamaha custom RAM voice data
s2b-file-description An s2b file extension is associated with the Yamaha custom RAM voice data format.

s2d-file-extension
s2d-file-description Agilent EEsof EDA s-parameter data
s2d-file-description An s2d file extension is related to the Agilent EEsof EDA designing software and used for its s-parameter data files.

s2db-file-extension
s2db-file-description SQLite 2.0 database
s2db-file-description An s2db file extension is related to the SQLite, a relational database management system. A .s2db file stores database.

s2e-file-extension
s2e-file-description SWF to EXE Converter project
s2e-file-description An s2e file extension is related to the SWF to EXE Converter software. An s2e file stores project.

s2k-file-extension
s2k-file-description Sasami2K Subtitle file
s2k-file-description Files with s2k extension can be generally found as old subtitles in Sasami2K format. Obsolete format that is no longer support in most media players.

s2m-file-extension
s2m-file-description Stronghold 2 map
s2m-file-description An s2m file extension is related to the Stronghold 2, a tactics computer game for Windows. An s2m file contains game map.

s2ma-file-extension
s2ma-file-description Starcraft 2 map
s2ma-file-description Files with s2ma file extension are map files from Starcraft 2, a real-time strategy computer game.

s2mh-file-extension
s2mh-file-description StarCraft 2 map header
s2mh-file-description An s2mh file extension is related to the StarCraft 2 video game and used for its map header data.

s2mi-file-extension
s2mi-file-description Starcraft 2 cache
s2mi-file-description An s2mi file extension is related to the StarCraft 2 video game. An s2mi file stores cache data.

s2ml-file-extension
s2ml-file-description StarCraft 2 map localization
s2ml-file-description An s2ml file extension is related to the StarCraft 2 strategic computer game. An s2ml file stores language specification for map.

s2mv-file-extension
s2mv-file-description Starcraft 2 map preview image
s2mv-file-description An s2mv file extension is related to the Starcraft 2 video game. An s2mv file stores map preview.

s2p-file-extension
s2p-file-description Sonnet S-device parameter data
s2p-file-description Files with s2p file extension can be usually found as parameter data files for Sonnet S-devices.

s2qh-file-extension
s2qh-file-description StarCraft 2 localization header
s2qh-file-description An s2qh file extension is related to the StarCarft 2 video game. An s2qh file stores localization header.

s2ql-file-extension
s2ql-file-description StarCraft 2 unit localisation file
s2ql-file-description Detailed description

s2r-file-extension
s2r-file-description RegMagik data
s2r-file-description An s2r file extension is related to the RegMagik registry editor.

s2s-file-extension
s2s-file-description Spike2 script
s2s-file-description An s2s file extension is related to the Spike2 and used for its script files.

s2t-file-extension
s2t-file-description Scia2Tekla plugin
s2t-file-description Files with s2t file extension are Scia2Tekla plugins. Used to transfer data from Scia to Tekla.

s2wdh-file-extension
s2wdh-file-description Unknown file extension
s2wdh-file-description Files with s2wdh file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

s2z-file-extension
s2z-file-description S2Games Savage game data
s2z-file-description Files with s2z file extension can be found as resource archives from the Savage computer game.

s3-file-extension
s3-file-description Motorola S-record data
s3-file-description Files with s3 file extension can be found as special files in Motorola S-record format used for data transfers.

s31-file-extension
s31-file-description SmartWhois data
s31-file-description An s31 file extension is related to the SmartWhois and used for its data files.

s37-file-extension
s37-file-description Motorola S-record format
s37-file-description An s37 file is related to the Motorola S-record format. Seems to be obsolete file format.

s3b-file-extension
s3b-file-description Monarch firmware
s3b-file-description An s3b file extension is related to the Monarch devices. An s3b file contains firmware update.

s3d-file-extension
s3d-file-description Micrografx Simply 3D project
s3d-file-description An s3d file extension is related to the Micrografx Simply and used for its 3D project files.

s3db-file-extension
s3db-file-description SQLite 3.0 database
s3db-file-description An s3db file extension is related to SQLite database management system. An s3db file contains data for SQLite database.

s3dx-file-extension
s3dx-file-description Shape3D drawing
s3dx-file-description An s3dx file extension is related to the Shape3D drawing format used by Shape3D program.

s3f-file-extension
s3f-file-description Battle Academy 3D model
s3f-file-description An s3f file extension is related to the Battle Academy computer game. An s3f file stores 3D model.

s3g-file-extension
s3g-file-description MakerBot 3D print
s3g-file-description Files with s3g file extension is related to the MakerBot 3D print file format.

s3i-file-extension
s3i-file-description ScreamTracker v3 instrument
s3i-file-description An s3i file extension is associated with the ScreamTracker v3 audio editing tool and used for its instrument files.

s3l-file-extension
s3l-file-description Scorched 3D model
s3l-file-description Files with s3l file extension are related to the Scorched 3D model format.

s3m-file-extension
s3m-file-description Scream Tracker v3 module
s3m-file-description An s3m file extension is associated with the Scream Tracker and used for its module files.

s3p-file-extension
s3p-file-description AKAI MESA II/PC S-series program
s3p-file-description An s3p file extension is related to the AKAI MESA II/PC S-series programs.

s3r-file-extension
s3r-file-description RTL Ski Jumping replay
s3r-file-description An s3r file extension is related to the RTL Ski Jumping video game. An s3r file contains replay.

s3t-file-extension
s3t-file-description Scorched 3D tankpack
s3t-file-description An s3t file extension is related to the Scorched 3D and used for its tankpack files.

s3z-file-extension
s3z-file-description Amiga and PC Tracker module
s3z-file-description An sz3 file extension is associated with the Amiga and PC Tracker module format.

s43-file-extension
s43-file-description IAR assembly source
s43-file-description Files with s43 extension are used by the IAR Embedded Workbench and Kickstarter. They contain some source code.

s48-file-extension
s48-file-description Jutel RadioMan MPEG2 audio
s48-file-description An s48 file extension is related to the Jutel RadioMan MPEG2 audio file format.

s4d-file-extension
s4d-file-description RIAM AVA Motion S4D data
s4d-file-description An s4d file extension is related to the RIAM AVA Motion S4D data file format.

s4e-file-extension
s4e-file-description Airplay SDK header file
s4e-file-description Files with s4e extension are used by Airtplay SDK program. It is a text file format and the file contains some scripts.

s4m-file-extension
s4m-file-description SWAT 4 map
s4m-file-description An s4m file extension is related to the SWAT 4 a computer game for Windows. An s4m file stores game map.

s4mi-file-extension
s4mi-file-description Motorola Skin Editor data
s4mi-file-description An s4mi file extension is related to the Motorola Skin Editor for Microsoft Windows.

s4p-file-extension
s4p-file-description Touchstone 16 s-parameters data file
s4p-file-description Files with s4p suffix can be usually found as files in the Touchstone File Format. It is an ASCII-based text format and contains information about n-port network parameter data and noise data of linear active devices, passive filters, passive devices, or interconnect networks.

s4t-file-extension
s4t-file-description S4/TEXT and tagless editor data
s4t-file-description An s4t file extension is related to the S4/TEXT and tagless editor data.

s4ud-file-extension
s4ud-file-description Samsung Smart TV video
s4ud-file-description An s4ud file extension is associated with the Samsung SmartTV video format used to store digital video in 4k resolution.

s57-file-extension
s57-file-description International Hydrographic Organization vector image
s57-file-description An s57 file extension is associated with the vector image format developed by International Hydrographic Organization.

s5d-file-extension
s5d-file-description Siemens Step 5 source code
s5d-file-description An s5d file extension is associated with the Siemens Step 5 programming tool for S5 PLC.

s62-file-extension
s62-file-description Code::Blocks ASM source code
s62-file-description An s62 file extension is related to the Code::Blocks ASM source files.

s6bn-file-extension
s6bn-file-description Word 6 for Mac template file
s6bn-file-description Detailed description

s6savegame-file-extension
s6savegame-file-description The Settlers Rise of an Empire saved game
s6savegame-file-description An s6savegame file extension is related to The Settlers Rise of an Empire computer game. An s6savegame file stores saved game.

s7-file-extension
s7-file-description Sibelius music notation
s7-file-description An s7 file extension is related to the Sibelius, a music composing program. An s7 file contains music notation.

s7f-file-extension
s7f-file-description STEP 7 project
s7f-file-description Files with s7f file suffix are associated with the STEP 7, programming tool from Siemens. An s7f file contains project.

s7p-file-extension
s7p-file-description SubSeven malware
s7p-file-description Files with s7p extension are related to the SubSeven malicious software for Microsoft Windows.

s7s-file-extension
s7s-file-description Sony Ericsson S700i Phone firmware data
s7s-file-description Files with s7s file extension can be found as firmware packages for Sony Ericsson S700i mobile phones.

s7z-file-extension
s7z-file-description 7-zip compressed file
s7z-file-description Files with s7z extension are used by the 7-zip compression utility. The s7z file seems to be obsolete file format.

s8-file-extension
s8-file-description SIMUL8 simulation data
s8-file-description An s8 file extension is related to the SIMUL8 program. An s8 file contains simulation data.

s85-file-extension
s85-file-description SABRE StaffPlan chart
s85-file-description An s85 file extension is related to the SABRE StaffPlan program. An s85 file stores chart from StaffPlan.

s8bn-file-extension
s8bn-file-description Word 98 for Mac template file
s8bn-file-description Detailed description

s8l-file-extension
s8l-file-description SAP GUI data
s8l-file-description An s8l file extension is related to SAP and used for its GUI trigger files.

s8theme-file-extension
s8theme-file-description Start8 theme
s8theme-file-description Files with s8theme file extension are related to the Start8 application developed by Stardock. An s8theme file contains theme.

s98-file-extension
s98-file-description NEC PC-98 audio data
s98-file-description An s98 file extension is related to the NEC PC-98 computers and used for its audio data.

sa1-file-extension
sa1-file-description Panasonic AAC data
sa1-file-description An sa1 file extension is associated with the Panasonic AAC data file format.

sa2-file-extension
sa2-file-description Suprise! adlib tracker music module
sa2-file-description An sa2 file extension is related to the Suprise!, a music composing program. An sa2 file contains music module.

sa3-file-extension
sa3-file-description WinDS PRO data
sa3-file-description An sa3 file extension is related to the WinDS PRO and used for its files.

sa4-file-extension
sa4-file-description Delorme Street Atlas USA data
sa4-file-description An sa4 file extension is related to the Delorme Street Atlas USA software. An sa4 file stores some kind of navigation data.

sa5-file-extension
sa5-file-description SecretAgent archive
sa5-file-description An sa5 file extension is related to the SecretAgent encryption software for various platforms. An sa5 file contains archive.

sa7-file-extension
sa7-file-description Street Atlas map document
sa7-file-description An sa7 file extension is related to the Street Atlas and used for its map document files.

sa8-file-extension
sa8-file-description Street Atlas 8 map document
sa8-file-description Files with sa8 file extension can be found as map documents from version 8 of DeLorme Street Atlas.

sa9-file-extension
sa9-file-description Hue and Cry Adobe Photoshop plug-in file
sa9-file-description Files with sa9 extension are a part of Hue and Cry plugin for the Adobe Photoshop.

saa-file-extension
saa-file-description SecretAgent encrypted archive file
saa-file-description Files with saa extension are used for SecretAgent aplication. They include encrypted achived data.

saas-file-extension
saas-file-description Sass Indented Syntax data
saas-file-description An saas file extension is related to SAAS meta-language and used for its indented syntax files.

sab-file-extension
sab-file-description 3D ACIS binary data
sab-file-description A sab file extension is related to the 3D ACIS binary file format.

sab2-file-extension
sab2-file-description NVision 3D scanner data
sab2-file-description A sab2 file extension is related to the NVision non-contact 3D scanners and used for its scanned models.

sabl-file-extension
sabl-file-description Call ot Duty: Black Ops audio library
sabl-file-description Files with sabl extension might be found as game audio files from Call of Duty: Black Ops II computer game.

sabs-file-extension
sabs-file-description Call ot Duty: Black Ops sound archive
sabs-file-description Files with sabs extension can be found as game audio files from Call of Duty: Black Ops II computer game.

sacd-file-extension
sacd-file-description JRiver Media Center data
sacd-file-description An sacd file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center software. An sacd file contains data.

sacred2save-file-extension
sacred2save-file-description Sacred 2 saved game
sacred2save-file-description A sacred2save file extension is related to the Sacred 2 video game. A sacred2save file stores saved game.

sad-file-extension
sad-file-description Lucas Arts sound data
sad-file-description Files with sad file extension can be found as audio data files in several computer games, mainly from LucasArts.

saf-file-extension
saf-file-description Spatial Archive Interchange Format
saf-file-description A saf file extension is related to the Spatial Archive Interchange Format used for geospatial modeling.

safe-file-extension
safe-file-description eCypher cryptographic container
safe-file-description A safe file extension is related to the eCypher from NumeroLogic Systems. A safe file contains cryptographic container.

safetext-file-extension
safetext-file-description Encrypted text
safetext-file-description Files with safetext file extension might be found as encrypted text documents.

sag-file-extension
sag-file-description Sagem ringtone format
sag-file-description A sag file extension is related to the Sagem ringtone format. Obsolete format.

saga-file-extension
saga-file-description Gargoyle interactive fiction story
saga-file-description A saga file extension is related to the Gargoyle interactive fiction story format.

sage-file-extension
sage-file-description Sage ransomware affected data
sage-file-description Files with sage file suffix can be notoriously encountered on computers affected by the Sage ransomware.

sagem-file-extension
sagem-file-description Sagem ringtone format
sagem-file-description A sagem file extension is related to the Sagem ringtone format.

sah-file-extension
sah-file-description SETI@home data
sah-file-description A sah file extension is related to the SETI@home software. A sah file contains data.

sai-file-extension
sai-file-description Paint Tool SAI drawing
sai-file-description Files with sai extension can be usually found as graphics made using the Japanese Paint Tool SAI software.

sai2-file-extension
sai2-file-description Paint Tool SAI version 2 drawing
sai2-file-description Files with sai2 extension can be encountered as graphics made using the Japanese Paint Tool SAI version 2 software.

saif-file-extension
saif-file-description Spatial Archive Interchange Format
saif-file-description Files with saif extension could be used for geospital modeling or achival pruposes.

saj-file-extension
saj-file-description Sage 50 folder
saj-file-description Folders with saj file extension might be found as part of Sage 50 Accounting software.

sak-file-extension
sak-file-description Postal game archive
sak-file-description Files with sak file extension are associated with the Postal, an action shooter video game. An sak file contains game archive.

sal-file-extension
sal-file-description SQL Application Language source code
sal-file-description Files with sal file extension can be found as source codes written in SAL - SQL Application Language developed by Oracle.

sam-file-extension
sam-file-description Ami Pro document
sam-file-description Files with the sam file extension could be especially in the past found as documents created using the Ami Pro word processor.

sam07-file-extension
sam07-file-description SAM 2007 package
sam07-file-description A sam07 file extension is related to the SAM 2007, an online learning program for Office. A sam07 file stores package.

samba3-file-extension
samba3-file-description Gnome Desktop file
samba3-file-description Detailed description

sami-file-extension
sami-file-description Synchronized Accessible Media Interchange file format
sami-file-description Files with sami file extension are source files in Synchronized Accessible Media Interchange.

sample-file-extension
sample-file-description Saved sample
sample-file-description Files with sample file extension are related to sample files that are used to store samples of data, pictures, source codes, etc.

samrc-file-extension
samrc-file-description SAM default parameters
samrc-file-description An samrc file extension is related to the SAM (Sequence Alignment and Modeling System).

san-file-extension
san-file-description LucasArts Smush Animation Format
san-file-description A san file extension is related to computer games developed by LucasArts. A san file stores full motion video called Smush Animation Format.

sap-file-extension
sap-file-description Hyperbanner Java animation
sap-file-description A sap file extension is related to Hyperbanner. A sap file contains animation written in Java.

sapssd-file-extension
sapssd-file-description SAP data
sapssd-file-description Files with sapssd file extension can be typically found as some sort of data files from SAP business software.

sar-file-extension
sar-file-description SAR compressed file archive (SAPCAR archive)
sar-file-description Files with sar extension can be primarily found as compressed archives from the SAPCAR compression utility.

sas-file-extension
sas-file-description SAS source code
sas-file-description Files with sas file extension are generally related to SAS statistical analysis software and used for its default scrip format.

sas7bdat-file-extension
sas7bdat-file-description SAS database
sas7bdat-file-description Files with sas7bdat file extension can be found as SAS databases.

sas7bndx-file-extension
sas7bndx-file-description SAS index
sas7bndx-file-description An sas7bndx file extension is related to SAS business data analyzer. An sa7bndx file stores index.

sasf-file-extension
sasf-file-description NASA spacecraft activity sequence
sasf-file-description Files with sasf extension are related to some kind of software developed by NASA and are scripts.

sass-file-extension
sass-file-description Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets indented syntax data
sass-file-description Files with sass file extension are stylesheets created using the Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets (SASS) CSS language.

sat-file-extension
sat-file-description 3D ACIS model
sat-file-description Files with sat file extension can be mostly found as CAD files saved in 3D ACIS format from modeling tools produced by Spatial Corp.

sav2-file-extension
sav2-file-description SuperPower save game file
sav2-file-description Files with sav2 extension are used for SuperPower computer game. They store game saves data.

saved-file-extension
saved-file-description Typicaly saved copy of any file format
saved-file-description A saved file extension is related to some applications. Used for backup reasons.

saveddeck-file-extension
saveddeck-file-description Nokia saved web page file
saveddeck-file-description Detailed description

savedsearch-file-extension
savedsearch-file-description Spotlight saved search
savedsearch-file-description A savedsearch file extension is related to the Spotlight, a files indexing tool from macOS (OS X). A savedsearch file contains saved searches.

saver-file-extension
saver-file-description Mac OS X Screen Saver
saver-file-description Files with saver extension are used by the Mac OS X operating system. They are used for Mac screensavers.

save_multiplayer-file-extension
save_multiplayer-file-description Total War multiplayer saved game
save_multiplayer-file-description Files with save_multiplayer file extension might be found as multiplayer saves from Total War game series, like Shogun 2.

savf-file-extension
savf-file-description AS400Manager JAVA data
savf-file-description A savf file extension is related to the AS400Manager a tool responsible for running and managing AS400 resources.

saw-file-extension
saw-file-description Living Scenes Jigsaw Puzzles file
saw-file-description Files with saw extension are used by the Living Scenes computer game. It is used as a data game file.

sax-file-extension
sax-file-description Sedona Framework XML application
sax-file-description Files with sax file extension can be generally found as XML application prepared using the Sedona Framework.

say-file-extension
say-file-description Saya Matrix accounting database
say-file-description A say file extension is associated with the Saya Matrix, an accounting program. A say file contains accounting database.

saz-file-extension
saz-file-description Fiddler session archive ZIP data file
saz-file-description Files with saz extension can be found as compressed archives with logs created by Fiddler program.

sa_-file-extension
sa_-file-description Unknown file extension
sa_-file-description Files with sa_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sb-file-extension
sb-file-description Apple Mac sandbox configuration
sb-file-description Files with sb file extension can be found as sandbox configuration files for the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system.

sb0-file-extension
sb0-file-description Ubisoft sound
sb0-file-description An sb0 file extension is related to the Ubisoft sound format used by various computer games.

sb1-file-extension
sb1-file-description MemoryMixer album
sb1-file-description An sb1 file extension is related to the MemoryMixer software. An sb1 file stores photo album.

sb2-file-extension
sb2-file-description Scratch project
sb2-file-description Files with sb2 extension can be typically found as projects from the Scratch animation tool. Used to save work in progress.

sb3-file-extension
sb3-file-description Scratch project
sb3-file-description Files with sb3 extension are in most cases projects from the Scratch development tool, likely version 3.

sb7-file-extension
sb7-file-description SetupBuilder project
sb7-file-description An sb7 file extension is related to the SetupBuilder program for Windows. An sb7 file stores project.

sba-file-extension
sba-file-description SpeedBalance accounting data
sba-file-description Files with sba extension can be found as accounting data files saved with Dutch SpeedBalance program.

sbar-file-extension
sbar-file-description Substance Painter data
sbar-file-description An sbar file extension is related to the Substance Painter, a 3D modeling software for Windows and Mac.

sbb-file-extension
sbb-file-description Microsoft Office Accounting company backup
sbb-file-description Files with sbb file extension are company backups created in now discontinued program called Microsoft Office Accounting.

sbc-file-extension
sbc-file-description SBC Smart Book compiled distribution data
sbc-file-description An sbc file extension is related to the SBC Smart Book and used for its compiled distribution files.

sbcm-file-extension
sbcm-file-description FlashPeak SlimBrowser data
sbcm-file-description A sbcm file extension is related to the FlashPeak SlimBrowser software for Windows.

sbd-file-extension
sbd-file-description Mozilla mail subdirectory
sbd-file-description Files with sbd file extension can be mostly found as old Mozilla mail subdirectory files.

sbe-file-extension
sbe-file-description Spybot exclude data
sbe-file-description Files with sbe file extension can be found as a stored list of excludes from the Spybot utility.

sbfm-file-extension
sbfm-file-description SlimBrowser data
sbfm-file-description An sbfm file extension is associated with the SlimBrowser software for Windows.

sbg-file-extension
sbg-file-description SBaGen binaural beat data
sbg-file-description A sbg file extension is related to the SBaGen software and used for its binaural beat data.

sbgf-file-extension
sbgf-file-description Grapher graph data file
sbgf-file-description Files with sbgf file extension might be found as part of Grapher program and used for its default graph format.

sbh-file-extension
sbh-file-description IBM SQABasic header data
sbh-file-description An sbh file extension is related to the IBM SQABasic and used for its header files.

sbi-file-extension
sbi-file-description Creative labs Sound Blaster instrument
sbi-file-description An sbi file extension is associated with Creative Sound Blaster sound cards. An sbi file contains FM-synthesis instruments.

sbig-file-extension
sbig-file-description Santa Barbara Instruments astronomical image
sbig-file-description An sbig file extension is related to the Santa Barbara Instruments astronomical bitmap image format.

sbin-file-extension
sbin-file-description Cisco unsigned firmware image
sbin-file-description Files with sbin file extension can be found as unsigned firmware images for Cisco network devices.

sbj-file-extension
sbj-file-description Micrografx Designer clipart or palette
sbj-file-description An sbj file extension is related to the Micrografx Designer software. An sbj file contains clipart or palette.

sbjb-file-extension
sbjb-file-description SlimBrowser data
sbjb-file-description Files with sbjb file extension are associated with the SlimBrowser software.

sbk-file-extension
sbk-file-description Creative Labs EMU SoundFont v1 bank
sbk-file-description Files with sbk file extension can be most notably found as audio samples in Creative Labs EMU SoundFont v1 bank format.

sbkt-file-extension
sbkt-file-description Scrapbook file
sbkt-file-description Detailed description

sbl-file-extension
sbl-file-description Arquitienda graphic symbol library
sbl-file-description Files with sbl file extension are related to the Arquitienda graphic symbol library format.

sbm-file-extension
sbm-file-description Hello Network HelloCombined Media Player file format
sbm-file-description Files with sbm suffix can be mostly found as multimedia files from a discontinued software product called Hello Network service.

sbml-file-extension
sbml-file-description Systems Biology Markup Language source code
sbml-file-description Files with sbml file extension might be found as source files in Systems Biology Markup Language.

sbn-file-extension
sbn-file-description ArcView spatial index for read-write shapefiles
sbn-file-description Files with sbn file extension can be often found as some sort of spacial index files for ArcGIS / ArcView read-write shapefiles.

sbo-file-extension
sbo-file-description SAP Business One SDK add-on related data
sbo-file-description An sbo file extension is related to the SAP Business One SDK and used for its add-on related files.

sbox-file-extension
sbox-file-description sBOX file format
sbox-file-description Files with sbox file extension is related to  the sBOX meta-file format.

sbp-file-extension
sbp-file-description Superbase 4 DML program file format
sbp-file-description Files with sbp file suffix are related to the Superbase and used for its program file format.

sbpf-file-extension
sbpf-file-description Small Business Publisher document
sbpf-file-description An sbpf file extension is related to the Small Business Publisher and used for its document files.

sbproj-file-extension
sbproj-file-description OpenGL Shader Builder project
sbproj-file-description An sbproj file extension is related to the OpenGL Shader Builder, a part of Apple Xcode. An sbproj file stores project.

sbq-file-extension
sbq-file-description Superbase query definition
sbq-file-description An sbq file extension is related to Superbase a relational database management tool. An sbq file stores query definition.

sbr-file-extension
sbr-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ source browser intermediate data
sbr-file-description An sbr file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++ development tool. An sbr file contains source browser intermediate data.

sbrz-file-extension
sbrz-file-description Sky Ebook Reader e-book
sbrz-file-description An sbrz file extension is related to the Sky Ebook Reader and used for its encrypted e-book files.

sbs-file-extension
sbs-file-description Spybot Search and Destroy include data
sbs-file-description An sbs file extension is related to the Spybot Search and Destroy. An sbs file contains includes data.

sbsar-file-extension
sbsar-file-description Allegorithmic Substance Painter substance archive
sbsar-file-description An sbsar file extension is assocated with the Allegorithmic Substance Painter, a material design tool for Windows and Mac. An sbsar file stores substance archive.

sbsc-file-extension
sbsc-file-description Adobe Soundbooth score document
sbsc-file-description An sbsc file extension is associated with the Adobe Soundbooth and used for its score documents.

sbst-file-extension
sbst-file-description Adobe Soundbooth score template
sbst-file-description An sbst file extension is related to the Adobe Soundbooth and used for its score template files.

sbstore-file-extension
sbstore-file-description Mozilla Firefox data
sbstore-file-description A sbstore file extension is related to the Mozilla Firefox web browser for various platforms.

sbt-file-extension
sbt-file-description Suberbase record notes
sbt-file-description An sbt file extension is related to the Suberbase and used for its record notes.

sbv-file-extension
sbv-file-description Superbase form definition data
sbv-file-description Files with sbv extension can be mainly encountered as special form definitions from Superbase relational database system.definition.

sbw-file-extension
sbw-file-description Savings Bonds Wizard file format
sbw-file-description Files with sbw file extension are related to the Savings Bonds Wizard database file format.

sbx-file-extension
sbx-file-description Adobe Illustrator tsume data
sbx-file-description An sbx file extension is related to the Adobe Illustrator a vector graphics editing software. An sbx file stores tsume data.

sbz-file-extension
sbz-file-description ShowBiz project
sbz-file-description An sbz file extension is related to the ShowBiz software developed by ArcSoft, Inc.

sb_-file-extension
sb_-file-description Creative compressed Sound Blaster16 sbide file
sb_-file-description Files with sb_ extension are used by Creative Sound Blaster 16 sound card. They store compressed data.

sc-file-extension
sc-file-description Framework II display driver
sc-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe SC file extension!

sc1-file-extension
sc1-file-description SimCity game data
sc1-file-description Files with sc1 file extension could be found in the past as data files from the SimCity, a city building computer game released in 1989.

sc2-file-extension
sc2-file-description Sample Cell II PC/Mac instrument
sc2-file-description An sc2 file extension is related to the Sample Cell II PC/Mac instrument format.

sc2000-file-extension
sc2000-file-description Sim city 2000 tileset file
sc2000-file-description Detailed description

sc2archive-file-extension
sc2archive-file-description StarCraft 2 archive file
sc2archive-file-description Detailed description

sc2assets-file-extension
sc2assets-file-description StarCraft 2 game assets
sc2assets-file-description An  sc2assets file extension is related to the Starcraft 2 video game. An sc2assets file stores game assets.

sc2bank-file-extension
sc2bank-file-description StarCraft 2 bank
sc2bank-file-description An sc2bank file extension is related to the StarCraft 2 computer game and used for its bank files.

sc2data-file-extension
sc2data-file-description Starcraft 2 A.I. game data
sc2data-file-description Files with sc2data file extension can be found as part of Starcraft 2 computer game. AI game data file.

sc2locale-file-extension
sc2locale-file-description StarCraft 2 localization data
sc2locale-file-description An sc2locale file extension is related to the StarCraft 2 video game. An sc2locale file stores localization settings.

sc2ma-file-extension
sc2ma-file-description StarCraft 2 map data file
sc2ma-file-description Detailed description

sc2map-file-extension
sc2map-file-description StarCraft 2 map data
sc2map-file-description An sc2map file extension is related to the StarCraft 2 video game. An sc2map file contains map.

sc2mod-file-extension
sc2mod-file-description StarCraft 2 game mod
sc2mod-file-description An sc2mod file extension is related to the StarCraft 2 video game. An sc2mod file stores game mod.

sc2save-file-extension
sc2save-file-description StarCraft 2 saved game
sc2save-file-description An sc2save file extension is related to the StarCraft II computer game. An sc2save file stores saved game position.

sc2scene-file-extension
sc2scene-file-description StarCraft II cut scene
sc2scene-file-description An sc2scene file extension is related to the StarCraft II cut scene format.

sc3-file-extension
sc3-file-description Renamed dBASE III screen mask
sc3-file-description An sc3 file extension is related to the Renamed dBASE III screen mask format.

sc4-file-extension
sc4-file-description Game file format
sc4-file-description Files with sc4 file extension are used by various computer games, like Sim City 4, RollerCoaster Tycoon, etc.

sc45-file-extension
sc45-file-description SuperCard project file
sc45-file-description Detailed description

sc4desc-file-extension
sc4desc-file-description SimCity 4 description data
sc4desc-file-description An sc4desc file extension is related to the SimCity 4 video game. An sc4desc file stores description data.

sc4lot-file-extension
sc4lot-file-description SimCity 4 lot data
sc4lot-file-description An sc4lot file extension is related to the SimCity 4 video game and used for its game data.

sc4model-file-extension
sc4model-file-description SimCity 4 model
sc4model-file-description An sc4model file extension is related to the SimCity 4 and used for its model files.

sc4path-file-extension
sc4path-file-description SimCity 4 network paths
sc4path-file-description Files with sc4path file extension are used by SimCity 4, video game for Windows and Mac OS X systems. An sc4path file contains network paths.

sc5-file-extension
sc5-file-description Chris Sawyer Locomotion scenario file
sc5-file-description Files with sc5 extension are used by Chris Sawyer Locomotion computer game. It is a scenario data file format.

sc6-file-extension
sc6-file-description RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 scenario data
sc6-file-description An sc6 file extension is related to the RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 computer game. An sc6 file contains game scenario.

sc68-file-extension
sc68-file-description Atari ST and Amiga audio format
sc68-file-description An sc68 file extension is related to the Atari ST and Amiga audio format.

sc7-file-extension
sc7-file-description MSX Screen 7 picture image
sc7-file-description Files with sc7 file extension are related to the MSX Screen 7 picture image format.

sc8-file-extension
sc8-file-description MSX Screen 8 picture image
sc8-file-description An sc8 file extension is related to the MSX Screen 8 picture image format.

sc%3F-file-extension
sc%3F-file-description ColoRix bitmap image
sc%3F-file-description Files with sc? extension might be found as ColorRix EGA bitmap images.

sca-file-extension
sca-file-description Scala InfoChannel script
sca-file-description An sca file extension is related to the Scala InfoCahnnel and used for its script files.

scad-file-extension
scad-file-description OpenSCAD CAD model
scad-file-description Files with scad file extension can be found as models made using the OpenSCAD object modeler/compiler.

scala-file-extension
scala-file-description Scala source file
scala-file-description Files with scala suffix can be mostly found as source codes in Scala programming language.

scan-file-extension
scan-file-description Scan data
scan-file-description Files with scan extension are in most cases digital images captured by scanner, or digital microscope.

scap-file-extension
scap-file-description Scap Mac OS X data
scap-file-description Files with scap file extension can be generally found on OS X (MacOS) platform as part of firmware updates.

scar-file-extension
scar-file-description SCAR script
scar-file-description A .scar file extension is related to the SCAR and used for its script files.

scat-file-extension
scat-file-description RealView scatter-loading data
scat-file-description An scat file extension is related to the RealView Development Suite and used for its scatter-loading files.

scb-file-extension
scb-file-description Command & Conquer World Builder script
scb-file-description Files with scb file extension can be found as is used for script files in Command & Conquer World Builder map editor.

scbo-file-extension
scbo-file-description MacBook EFI unlock data
scbo-file-description Files with scbo extension is can be typically found as files used to EFI unlock data on MacBook computers.

scc-file-extension
scc-file-description Visual SourceSafe control data
scc-file-description Files with scc extension are quite often found as part of Visual SourceSafe which generates and uses them for some kind of control purpose.

sccef-file-extension
sccef-file-description StreamCryptor chunked encrypted file
sccef-file-description The *.sccef file extension is related to the StreamCryptor tool and used for its StreamCryptor chunked encrypted files.

sccfg-file-extension
sccfg-file-description Encrypted INI settings data
sccfg-file-description An sccfg file extension is related to Encrpyted INI settings data used by some Windows apps.

sccm-file-extension
sccm-file-description System Center Configuration Manager data
sccm-file-description Files with sccm file extension are related to the System Center Configuration Manager.

scd-file-extension
scd-file-description Scribus document
scd-file-description An scd file extension is related to Scribus professional page layout software for Windows, Mac, Linux, eComStation etc. An scd file contains document.

scdoc-file-extension
scdoc-file-description SpaceClaim 3D CAD document
scdoc-file-description Files with scdoc extension can be found as as 3D CAD data files from the SpaceClaim 3D solid modeler.

sce-file-extension
sce-file-description SoftCuisine data exchange format
sce-file-description Files with sce file extension can be found as recipe exchange data files exported using the SoftCuisine software.

scea-file-extension
scea-file-description Marathon 2 Aleph One map
scea-file-description An scea file extension is related to the Aleph One video game engine. An scea file stores game map.

scel-file-extension
scel-file-description Sogou Pinyin cell dictionary file
scel-file-description A scel file extension is used for adding new words into Chinese Pinyin input method editor.

scene-file-extension
scene-file-description VCollab scene
scene-file-description Files with scene file extension are related to the VCollab Pro and used for its rendered scenes.

scexcludb-file-extension
scexcludb-file-description Spring Cleaning exclusions file
scexcludb-file-description Detailed description

scexe-file-extension
scexe-file-description HP iL02 firmware update
scexe-file-description Files with scexe extension are firmware updates for HP Integrated Lights-Out 2 platform.

scf-file-extension
scf-file-description Windows Explorer shell command file
scf-file-description Files with scf suffix can be quite often found as special shell command files from Microsoft Windows operating system.

scf_aq-file-extension
scf_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
scf_aq-file-description Files with scf_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

scg-file-extension
scg-file-description myPM SCG definition file
scg-file-description Files with scg extension are used by the myPM SCG program as a saved definition data files.

sch-file-extension
sch-file-description CAD schematics
sch-file-description Files with sch extension are generally 3D schematics created and saved in one of the CAD programs.

schakal-file-extension
schakal-file-description Schakal chemical modeller input file
schakal-file-description Files with SCHAKAL extension can be found as chemical data files for SHAKAL program by E.Keller.

schd-file-extension
schd-file-description Microsoft Email schedule
schd-file-description An schd file extension is related to the Microsoft Email software. An schd file contains schedule.

schdoc-file-extension
schdoc-file-description Altium Designer schematic capture binary data
schdoc-file-description Files with schdoc file extension can be mostly found as schematics captured binary data files from Altium Designer designing suite.

schemas-file-extension
schemas-file-description Amaya configuration file
schemas-file-description Detailed description

schematic-file-extension
schematic-file-description MCEdit schematic data
schematic-file-description Files with schematic file extension are commonly used by MCEdit an application.

scheme-file-extension
scheme-file-description Sothink Logo Maker color scheme
scheme-file-description A scheme file extension is related to the Sothink Logo Maker and used for its color scheme files.

schk-file-extension
schk-file-description SortSite site data
schk-file-description An schk file extension is related to the SortSite software from PowerMapper. An schk file stores site data.

schlib-file-extension
schlib-file-description Altium Designer schematic library
schlib-file-description Files with schlib file extension are related to the Altium Designer schematic library files.

sci-file-extension
sci-file-description Virtumonde / Vundo Trojan infected data
sci-file-description Files with sci file extension are related to the Virtumonde / Vundo Trojan infected data.

scitex-file-extension
scitex-file-description Scitex Continuous Tone (CT) CMYK color or gray scale image
scitex-file-description A scitex file extension is associated with the SCT (Scitex Continuous Tone) format, which was developed by Scitex is used for high-end image processing.

scjournal-file-extension
scjournal-file-description ANSYS Workbench data
scjournal-file-description An scjournal file extension is associated with the ANSYS Workbench and used for its data files.

scke-file-extension
scke-file-description SpyClock encrypted video
scke-file-description Files with scke file extension are related to the SpyClock encrypted video format.

scl-file-extension
scl-file-description Scala scale data
scl-file-description Files with scl file extension are mainly related to Scala music tuning software. Some kind musical tuning data file.

sclvl-file-extension
sclvl-file-description Scritter's Nest data file
sclvl-file-description The .sclvl file extension is related to the Scritter's Nest video game.

scm-file-extension
scm-file-description Starcraft campaign map
scm-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe SCM file extension!

scmt-file-extension
scmt-file-description GXS Application Integrator XML constraint data
scmt-file-description An scmt file extension is related to the GXS Application Integrator and used for its XML constraint files.

scn-file-extension
scn-file-description Kermit screen dump
scn-file-description There are 13 other file types  usingthe SCN file extension!

scne-file-extension
scne-file-description Infini-D scene
scne-file-description An scne file extension is related to the Infini-D and used for tis scene files.

sco-file-extension
sco-file-description Game score
sco-file-description Files with sco file extension may be usually encountered as player best score files from old computer games.

sconscript-file-extension
sconscript-file-description SCons SConscript configuration
sconscript-file-description A sconscript file extension is related to the SCons build system and used for its configuration files.

sconstruct-file-extension
sconstruct-file-description SCons makefile
sconstruct-file-description An sconstruct file extension is related to the SCons and used for its makefiles.

score-file-extension
score-file-description Learning Score file
score-file-description Files with score extension are used for Learning Score software. Files contain various data used for internal purposes by the application.

scp-file-extension
scp-file-description ColoRIX bitmap image
scp-file-description Files with scp extension can be mostly encountered as old pictures in ColoRIX bitmap image format.

scpcfg-file-extension
scpcfg-file-description SuperCard project configuration
scpcfg-file-description Files with scpcfg file extension are related to the SuperCard project configuration data.

scprt-file-extension
scprt-file-description Surfcam 3D format
scprt-file-description A scprt file extension is related to the Surfcam 3D format.

scptd-file-extension
scptd-file-description AppleScript script bundle
scptd-file-description A scptd file extension is related to the AppleScript and used for its script bundle files.

scq-file-extension
scq-file-description SAS sequential access data
scq-file-description An scq file extension is related to the SAS and used for its sequential access files.

scrabblehasbrosavedgame-file-extension
scrabblehasbrosavedgame-file-description Hasbro Scrabble saved game
scrabblehasbrosavedgame-file-description An scrabblehasbrosavedgame file extension is related to the Hasbro Scrabble video game.

scratchbin-file-extension
scratchbin-file-description Bravo data
scratchbin-file-description A scratchbin file extension is related to the Bravo and used for its data files.

scrate-file-extension
scrate-file-description Serato DJ smart crate playlist
scrate-file-description A .scrate file extension is related to the Serato DJ and used for its smart crate files (smart playlists).

screem-file-extension
screem-file-description SCREEM file
screem-file-description Files with SCREEM extension might be found as part of Screem web development environment. Data files.

screen-file-extension
screen-file-description Indigo Studio data
screen-file-description A screen file extension is related to the Indigo Studio for Mac and Windows.

screenshot-file-extension
screenshot-file-description CrossGL SnapDraw screenshot
screenshot-file-description File with .screenshot file extension is related to the SnapDraw software developed by CrossGL. The screenshot file contains screenshot.

screstorelog-file-extension
screstorelog-file-description Spring Cleaning restore log
screstorelog-file-description A screstorelog file extension is related to the Spring Cleaning and used for its restore log.

scresults-file-extension
scresults-file-description Spring Cleaning results data
scresults-file-description A scresults file extension is associated with the Spring Cleaning program. A scresults file stores results data.

script-file-extension
script-file-description Microsoft WinHelp related data
script-file-description A .script file extension is related to the Microsoft WinHelp an on-line help service installed in the Microsoft Windows.

script+editor-file-extension
script+editor-file-description AppleScript script
script+editor-file-description A .script editor file extension is related to the AppleScript script file format used by Mac OS X and macOS.

scriptlibrary-file-extension
scriptlibrary-file-description Corel Painter script library
scriptlibrary-file-description Files with scriptlibrary file extension are commonly used by Corel Painter for script libraries.

scriptsuite-file-extension
scriptsuite-file-description AppleScript script suite file
scriptsuite-file-description Detailed description

scriptterminology-file-extension
scriptterminology-file-description AppleScript script terminology data
scriptterminology-file-description A scriptterminology file extension is related to the AppleScript and used for its terminology data.

scriv-file-extension
scriv-file-description Literature & Latte Scrivener document
scriv-file-description An scriv file extension is related to the Scrivener document editing tool developed by Literature & Latte. A .scriv file stores document.

scrivx-file-extension
scrivx-file-description Literature & Latte Scrivener document
scrivx-file-description Files with scrivx file extension can be typically found as documents prepared and saved in Scrivener text editing tool for novelist.

scro-file-extension
scro-file-description Amira script object
scro-file-description An scro file extension is related to the Amira, a 3D application and used for its script object files.

scry-file-extension
scry-file-description Samsung firmware flash update
scry-file-description An scry file extension is used for firmware files for Samsung mobile phones.

scr_aq-file-extension
scr_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
scr_aq-file-description Files with scr_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

scs-file-extension
scs-file-description Lotus ScreenCam script
scs-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe SCS file extension!

scs11-file-extension
scs11-file-description Show Cue System cue file
scs11-file-description Files with scs11 extension are used for the Show Cue System. They include audio track data.

scs4-file-extension
scs4-file-description SAM Coupé picture image
scs4-file-description An scs4 file extension is related to the SAM Coupé picture image format.

scsi-file-extension
scsi-file-description Apple HDD setup data
scsi-file-description An scsi file extension is related to the Mac OS operating system. An scsi file contains HDD setup data. Obsolete format.

scspack-file-extension
scspack-file-description SimCity Societies transfer package
scspack-file-description An scspack file extension is related to the SimCity Societies and used for its transfer package.

scss-file-extension
scss-file-description Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets syntax data
scss-file-description Files with scss file extension are stylesheets created using the Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets (SASS) CSS language.

scssc-file-extension
scssc-file-description Sass compiled data
scssc-file-description Files with scssc file extension can be found as some sort of compiled files from Sass (Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets) scripting language.

sct-file-extension
sct-file-description Microsoft Windows script component
sct-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe SCT file extension!

sct01-file-extension
sct01-file-description SAS catalog for Unix data
sct01-file-description An sct01 file extension is related to the SAS and used for its catalog files.

sctid-file-extension
sctid-file-description RSA SecurID software certificate import data
sctid-file-description An sctid file extension is related to the RSA SecurID software certificate import data format.

sct_aq-file-extension
sct_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
sct_aq-file-description Files with sct_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

scu-file-extension
scu-file-description ColoRIX bitmap image
scu-file-description Files with scu extension are related to ColoRIX program. They contain some graphics data.

scuf-file-extension
scuf-file-description Temporary data
scuf-file-description Files with scuf file extension might be found as temporary files.

scut-file-extension
scut-file-description Easy Cut Studio project
scut-file-description A scut file extension is related to the Easy Cut Studio version 1. A scut file contains project.

scut2-file-extension
scut2-file-description Easy Cut Studio project
scut2-file-description Files with scut2 extension can be found as Easy Cut Studio projects.

scut3-file-extension
scut3-file-description Easy Cut Studio project
scut3-file-description Files with scut2 extension can be found as Easy Cut Studio projects.

scut4-file-extension
scut4-file-description Easy Cut Studio project
scut4-file-description A scut4 file extension is related to the Easy Cut Studio version 4. A scut4 file contains project.

scv-file-extension
scv-file-description ScanVec CASmate / Flexi Family vector sign
scv-file-description Files with scv file extension can be mostly found as special vector sign files created original in ScanVec CASmate. Can be viewed in the successor Flexi software.

scvinfo-file-extension
scvinfo-file-description Windows Communication Foundation WCF metadata
scvinfo-file-description An scvinfo file extension is related to the Windows Communication Foundation WCF metadata file format.

scw-file-extension
scw-file-description Movie Magic Screenwriter document
scw-file-description Files with scw file extension can be mainly found as documents made using Movie Magic Screenwriter software.

scworld-file-extension
scworld-file-description Survivalcraft world data
scworld-file-description An scworld file extension is associated with the Survivalcraft computer game.

scx-file-extension
scx-file-description ColoRIX bitmap image
scx-file-description An scx file extension is related to the ColoRIX bitmap image file format.

scy-file-extension
scy-file-description ReaGeniX security data
scy-file-description An scy file extension is related to the ReaGeniX program and used for its security data files.

scz-file-extension
scz-file-description Wingz script file
scz-file-description Files with scz extension are used by Wingz program. They store some scripts data for the application.

sc_-file-extension
sc_-file-description Unknown file extension
sc_-file-description Files with sc_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sd-file-extension
sd-file-description Entropic sound data format
sd-file-description Files with sd file extension can be often encountered as audio files saved in the Entropic sound data format.

sd0-file-extension
sd0-file-description Dali Raw image
sd0-file-description Detailed description

sd1-file-extension
sd1-file-description Dali Raw image
sd1-file-description Files with sd1 file extension are digital negatives (RAWs) from Sigma digital cameras.

sd2-file-extension
sd2-file-description Sound Designer 2 audio data
sd2-file-description Files with sd2 file extension can be found as older audio files recorded in Sound Designer 2 for Macintosh.

sd2f-file-extension
sd2f-file-description Sound Designer 2 audio
sd2f-file-description Files with sd2f file extension can be found as audio files created using the now discontinued Sound Designer 2.

sd3-file-extension
sd3-file-description Hy-Tek Meet Manager database related data
sd3-file-description Files with sd3 extension can be most often found as data files from the Hy-Tek Meet Manager app for Windows.

sd4-file-extension
sd4-file-description Smart Diary Suite database
sd4-file-description An sd4 file extension is related to the Smart Diary Suite and used for database files.

sd7-file-extension
sd7-file-description Spring RTS Engine data
sd7-file-description An sd7 file extension is related to the Spring Engine used to develop RTS computer games. An sd7 file stores data resources.

sd9-file-extension
sd9-file-description XWE data
sd9-file-description An sd9 file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

sdac-file-extension
sdac-file-description CoCreate OneSpace assembly container
sdac-file-description An sdac file extension is associated with the CoCreate OneSpace assembly container file format.

sdat-file-extension
sdat-file-description Nintendo DS sound data
sdat-file-description An sdat file extension is related to Nintendo DS handheld. An sdat file stores sound data.

sdb-file-extension
sdb-file-description OpenOffice Base database
sdb-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe SDB file extension!

sdbk-file-extension
sdbk-file-description Unknown file extension
sdbk-file-description Files with sdbk file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sdbn-file-extension
sdbn-file-description Microsoft Word 4/5 for Mac template file
sdbn-file-description Detailed description

sdbx-file-extension
sdbx-file-description AutoCAD Civil 3D survey database
sdbx-file-description Files with sdbx file extension are used by AutoCAD Civil 3D survey database.

sdbz-file-extension
sdbz-file-description Symantec Support Tool information
sdbz-file-description Files with sdbz file extension are related to Symantec Support Tool and used for some sort of generated information files.

sddevname-file-extension
sddevname-file-description Popcorn Hour C-200 data
sddevname-file-description An sddevname file extension is related to Popcorn Hour C-200 a networked media jukebox.

sddraft-file-extension
sddraft-file-description ArcGIS service definition draft
sddraft-file-description An sddraft file extension is related to the ArcGIS service definition draft file format.

sde-file-extension
sde-file-description Drumbeat exported data
sde-file-description An sde file extension is related to the DrumBeat and used for its exported data files.

sdef-file-extension
sdef-file-description AppleScript dictionary scripting definition
sdef-file-description An sdef file extension is associated with the AppleScript and used for its dictionary scripting definition.

sdev-file-extension
sdev-file-description Apple System 7 Control Strip module
sdev-file-description An sdev file extension is related to the Apple System 7 Control Strip module file format.

sdexp-file-extension
sdexp-file-description Creo Elements/Direct model
sdexp-file-description Files with sdexp file extension may be typically encountered as model files designed using the Creo Elements/Direct 3D modeling tool.

sdfa-file-extension
sdfa-file-description exocad 3D data
sdfa-file-description Files with sdfa extension might be found as 3D files for exocad dental CAD program.

sdg-file-extension
sdg-file-description StarOffice Gallery image format
sdg-file-description Files with sdg file extension can be found as old StarOffice galleries. Mostly obsolete.

sdi-file-extension
sdi-file-description Fidonet Software Distribution Network info data
sdi-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe SDI file extension!

sdif-file-extension
sdif-file-description Sound Description Interchange Format
sdif-file-description Files with sdif extension can be usually found as some kind of descriptions saved in Sound Description Interchange Format (SDIF).

sdii-file-extension
sdii-file-description Sound Designer 2 audio
sdii-file-description An sdii file extension is related to the Sound Designer 2 and used for its audio files.

sdinstall-file-extension
sdinstall-file-description Speckie dictionary file
sdinstall-file-description Files with sdinstall extension are used by the Speckie plug-in for Microsoft IE. They contain dictionary installation data.

sdir-file-extension
sdir-file-description Apple Logic Space Designer impulse response data
sdir-file-description Files with sdir file suffix are related to the Apple Logic Space Designer impulse response data format.

sdirproj-file-extension
sdirproj-file-description Apple Impulse Response Utility project file
sdirproj-file-description Files with sdirproj extension are used by Apple Impulse Response Utility. They include some project data.

sdjv-file-extension
sdjv-file-description DjVu document
sdjv-file-description Files with sdjv file extension are related to the DjVu document format.

sdjvu-file-extension
sdjvu-file-description DjVu document
sdjvu-file-description Files with sdjvu file extension are related to the DjVu document format.

sdk-file-extension
sdk-file-description Roland S-550/S-50/W-30 disk image
sdk-file-description An sdk file extension is associated with the Roland S-550/S-50/W-30 disk image file format.

sdkmesh-file-extension
sdkmesh-file-description Microsoft DirectX vertex mesh
sdkmesh-file-description An sdkmesh file extension is associated with the Microsoft DirectX and used for its vertex mesh files.

sdl-file-extension
sdl-file-description Corel Paradox script
sdl-file-description An sdl file extension is associated with the Corel Paradox, a relational database management system. An sdl file stores script.

sdlic-file-extension
sdlic-file-description ArcGIS data
sdlic-file-description Files with sdlic file extension are related to the ArcGIS a GIS application for Windows.

sdlp-file-extension
sdlp-file-description SimpleDiagrams plugin
sdlp-file-description An sdlp file extension is related to the SimpleDiagrams plugin files.

sdlppx-file-extension
sdlppx-file-description SDL Trados Studio project package
sdlppx-file-description Files with sdlppx file extension are associated with the SDL Trados Studio project packages.

sdlprofile-file-extension
sdlprofile-file-description TRADOS exported user settings
sdlprofile-file-description An sdlprofile file extension is associated with the TRADOS, a translation software. An sdlprofile file stores settings.

sdltm-file-extension
sdltm-file-description SDL Trados Studio data
sdltm-file-description A sdltm file extension is related to the SDL Trados Studio a translation environment.

sdlxliff-file-extension
sdlxliff-file-description SDL Trados Studio data
sdlxliff-file-description An sdlxliff file extension is related to the SDL Trados Studio software and used for its data files.

sdm-file-extension
sdm-file-description Sun Download Manager download instruction data
sdm-file-description An sdm file extension is related to the Sun Download Manager download instruction files.

sdmdocument-file-extension
sdmdocument-file-description Microsoft SDM document
sdmdocument-file-description Files with sdmdocument extension can be found as SDM documents made in Microsoft Visual Studio, a development software for Windows.

sdml-file-extension
sdml-file-description Spatial Data Modeling Language VRML file
sdml-file-description Files with sdml extension are known as CAD and GIS storing data files.

sdn-file-extension
sdn-file-description Smart Diary Suite ingredients data
sdn-file-description An sdn file extension is related to the Smart Diary Suite ingredients data format.

sdnf-file-extension
sdnf-file-description Steel Detailing Neutral File Format
sdnf-file-description Files with sndf extension are ASCII data files in engineering Steel Detailing Neutral format.

sdo-file-extension
sdo-file-description Signere.no signed document
sdo-file-description An sdo file extension is related to the Signere.no a digital signature software.

sdoc-file-extension
sdoc-file-description Microsoft Word sealed document
sdoc-file-description Files with sdoc extension are documents that have been sealed (encrypted) and send via the Oracle Information Rights Management software.

sdocb-file-extension
sdocb-file-description Unknown file extension
sdocb-file-description Files with sdocb file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sdp-file-extension
sdp-file-description Apache OpenOffice presentation
sdp-file-description Files with spd file extension are related to the Apache OpenOffice presentation format, used by older versions of OpenOffice Impress.

sdpa-file-extension
sdpa-file-description SDPA data
sdpa-file-description An sdpa file extension is related to the SDPA and used for its data files.

sdpc-file-extension
sdpc-file-description Cocreate SolidDesigner data
sdpc-file-description Files with sdpc file extension can be found as saved geometry data files from Cocreate SolidDesigner.

sdpx-file-extension
sdpx-file-description Kodak Cineon image format
sdpx-file-description The SDPX file extension is related to the Kodak Cineon image format that is used to transfer film images to a digital format.

sdq-file-extension
sdq-file-description SAS data
sdq-file-description An sdq file extension is related to programs developed by SAS. An sdq file stores data.

sdr-file-extension
sdr-file-description SmartDraw drawing
sdr-file-description Files with sdr extension can mostly be found as drawings created using SmartDraw program. SmartDraw is used to create high quality presentations, charts or graphs.

sdr2-file-extension
sdr2-file-description H.264 MICRO DVR camera movie
sdr2-file-description Files with sdr2 extension can be found as video recordings saved in the H.264 MICRO DVR camera movie file format.

sds-file-extension
sds-file-description Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org) chart
sds-file-description An sds file extension is related to OpenOffice.org free open source office suite. An sds file contains chart.

sdsb-file-extension
sdsb-file-description Spybot compiled script
sdsb-file-description An sdsb file extension is related to the Spybot compiled scripts.

sdsk-file-extension
sdsk-file-description SafeHouse private storage volume data
sdsk-file-description An sdsk file extension is related to the SafeHouse software. An sdsk file contains encrypted data.

sdt-file-extension
sdt-file-description SmartDraw template
sdt-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe SDT file extension!

sdtheme-file-extension
sdtheme-file-description Nintendo Desktop Manager theme file
sdtheme-file-description Files with SDTHEME extension can be found as themes for Nintendo Desktop Manager.

sdtid-file-extension
sdtid-file-description RSA soft-token
sdtid-file-description Files with sdtid file extension can be mostly found as some sort of tokens used by RSA SecurID. It is some sort of encrypted certificate.

sdts-file-extension
sdts-file-description Spatial Data Transfer Standard data
sdts-file-description An sdts file extension is related to the Spatial Data Transfer Standard format.

sdu-file-extension
sdu-file-description Edwards Systems Technology data
sdu-file-description Files with sdu file extension can be typically encountered as some kind of data files for devices produced by Edwards Systems Technology.

sdv-file-extension
sdv-file-description Pinnacle Studio DV video editing project
sdv-file-description Files with sdv file extension can be mainly found as projects created and saved in Pinnacle Studio video editor.

sdwx-file-extension
sdwx-file-description MrSID Level 8 image
sdwx-file-description An sdwx file extension is related to the MrSID Level 8 image file format.

sdx-file-extension
sdx-file-description Audio sample
sdx-file-description Files with sdx extension can be also found as audio sample file from some long forgotten software.

sdxf-file-extension
sdxf-file-description Structured Data eXchange Format
sdxf-file-description Files with sdxf file extension are used by Structured Data eXchange Format.

sdxml-file-extension
sdxml-file-description SimpleDiagrams diagram
sdxml-file-description Files with sdxml file extension are commonly used by SimpleDiagrams software. An sdxml file stores diagram.

sdy-file-extension
sdy-file-description StarMoney financial data
sdy-file-description Files with sdy file extension are related to the StarMoney, a personal finance software. An sdy file contains financial data.

sdz-file-extension
sdz-file-description Spring content pacakge
sdz-file-description Files with sdz file extension are related to the Spring content pacakge.

sd_-file-extension
sd_-file-description Unknown file extension
sd_-file-description Files with sd_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

se-file-extension
se-file-description SEwin project
se-file-description An se file extension is related to the SEwin and used for its project files.

se1-file-extension
se1-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator scenery file
se1-file-description Files with se1 extension are associated with Microsoft Flight Simulator computer game.

sea-file-extension
sea-file-description ShrinkIt self-extracting archive
sea-file-description A sea file extension is related to the ShrinkIt self-extracting archive format.

seam-file-extension
seam-file-description Seam Framework JAVA servlet file
seam-file-description Files with seam suffix can be quiet often found as special Java servlets generated using Seam Framework tool for creating Java based Internet apps.

search-ms-file-extension
search-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows index search data
search-ms-file-description A search-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10 data indexing service. A search-ms files store custom search criteria.

searchconnector-ms-file-extension
searchconnector-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows search connector description data
searchconnector-ms-file-description A searchconnector-ms file extension is related to index and search service included in the Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 10. A .searchconnector-ms file contains search connector description.

searchindexcache-file-extension
searchindexcache-file-description Apple Mac OS X (macOS) index cache
searchindexcache-file-description A searchindexcache file extension is associated with the macOS (OS X) system. A .searchindexcache file stores some sort of system cache.

seawifs-file-extension
seawifs-file-description SeaWiFS file
seawifs-file-description Detailed description

seb-file-extension
seb-file-description Franklin eBookMan e-book
seb-file-description Files with file suffix seb are related to the Franklin eBookMan, an e-book reading device. A seb file contains e-book.

sec-file-extension
sec-file-description Pretty Good Privacy secret key ring file
sec-file-description Files with sec extension may also be found as secured "keyring" from the Pretty Good Privacy software. Contacts saved passwords.

secstore-file-extension
secstore-file-description Adobe secstore data
secstore-file-description A secstore file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat, a PDF authoring tool. A .secstore file stores secstore data.

secure-file-extension
secure-file-description Septium secured document
secure-file-description Files with secure suffix can be mostly encountered as secured documents from one of the apps developed by Septium Corporation.

securecrypted-file-extension
securecrypted-file-description Apocalypse ransomware affected file
securecrypted-file-description Files with securecrypted file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed files affected by one of the later variants of Apocalypse ransomware.

securedownload-file-extension
securedownload-file-description Safari partial download
securedownload-file-description Files with securedownload file extension could be found in the past as renamed files that were downloaded using Safari web browser.

security-file-extension
security-file-description Javasoft Jre 1.3 lib security data
security-file-description Files with security file extension are related to the security data used by programs for JAVA run-time machine.

securitysettings-file-extension
securitysettings-file-description Alpha Five security settings
securitysettings-file-description A securitysettings file extension is associated with the Alpha Five development environment.

sed-file-extension
sed-file-description Unix SED doc script
sed-file-description A sed file extension is related to the Unix SED, a terminal (bash) utility for modifying and filter texts.

sedprj-file-extension
sedprj-file-description Ashampoo Slideshow Studio project
sedprj-file-description An sedprj file extension is related to Ashampoo Slideshow Studio. An sedprj file stores slideshow project.

see-file-extension
see-file-description LISCAD Plus CAD design
see-file-description Files with see suffix are typically found as 3D models / CAD files saved using the LISCAD software.

seed-file-extension
seed-file-description Microsoft Live Mesh data
seed-file-description Files with seed file extension are mainly related to older cloud storage and synchronization service from Microsoft called Live Mesh.

seek-file-extension
seek-file-description Word List Expert seek list file
seek-file-description Files with seek extension are used for the Word List Expert program. They include list of worlds seek from texts.

seestyle-file-extension
seestyle-file-description Coda for Mac style sheet
seestyle-file-description Files with seestyle file extension might be found as style sheets from Code web designing tool.

seexpl-file-extension
seexpl-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio file
seexpl-file-description An seexpl file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool.

sef-file-extension
sef-file-description Steganos encrypted file
sef-file-description Files with sef suffix can be usually found as some kind of encrypted archives produced by Steganos Privacy Suite data protection solution.

seg-file-extension
seg-file-description SEG-2 data
seg-file-description A seg file extension is related to the SEG-2 data file format.

seg1-file-extension
seg1-file-description Stuffit segment
seg1-file-description A seg1 file extension is associated with the StuffIt compression tool. A seg1 file contains archive segment.

seg2-file-extension
seg2-file-description Stuffit for Mac archive
seg2-file-description A seg2 file extension is related to the Stuffit for Mac compression tool. A seg2 file contains archive.

seg3-file-extension
seg3-file-description StuffIt segment data
seg3-file-description A seg file extension is related to the StuffIt compression software and used for its segment data.

segn-file-extension
segn-file-description StuffIt Segment file
segn-file-description Detailed description

segy-file-extension
segy-file-description SEG-Y geophysical data
segy-file-description Files with segy file extension might be found as geophysical data files in SEG-Y format.

sel-file-extension
sel-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro selection data
sel-file-description A sel file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Photo Pro and used for its selection files.

selectionportfoliolibrary-file-extension
selectionportfoliolibrary-file-description Corel Painter selection portfolio library
selectionportfoliolibrary-file-description Files with selectionportfoliolibrary file extension are commonly used by Corel Painter selection portfolio libraries.

self-file-extension
self-file-description Simple Executable Loader Format
self-file-description Files with self file extension can be typically encountered as executables used by some PS3 video games. Simple Executable Loader Format.

sem-file-extension
sem-file-description Alpha Five set objects
sem-file-description A sem file extension is related to the Alpha Five, a rapid application development tool. A sem file contains objects data.

sem3d-file-extension
sem3d-file-description SEMulator3D model
sem3d-file-description Files with sem3D file extension can be found as models from the SEMulator3D semiconductor modeling software.

seman-file-extension
seman-file-description Xtext semantics file
seman-file-description Detailed description

semi-file-extension
semi-file-description Spartan Semi-Empirical chemical modeller input data
semi-file-description A semi file extension is related to the Spartan Semi-Empirical chemical modeler input file format.

semul-file-extension
semul-file-description Unknown file extension
semul-file-description Files with semul file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sen-file-extension
sen-file-description Scifer Archiver Internal Archive Format
sen-file-description A sen file extension is related associated with the Scifer Archiver Internal Archive Format.

send2anna-file-extension
send2anna-file-description Palm OS data
send2anna-file-description A send2anna file extension is related to the Palm OS operating system.

sendtobluetooth-file-extension
sendtobluetooth-file-description Motorola Bluetooth shell extension
sendtobluetooth-file-description A sendtobluetooth file extension is related to the Motorola Bluetooth shell extension.

sendtoclipboard-file-extension
sendtoclipboard-file-description Unknown file extension
sendtoclipboard-file-description Files with sendtoclipboard file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sendtofolder-file-extension
sendtofolder-file-description Unknown file extension
sendtofolder-file-description Files with sendtofolder file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sendtoincinerator-file-extension
sendtoincinerator-file-description Unknown file extension
sendtoincinerator-file-description Files with sendtoincinerator file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sense-file-extension
sense-file-description Unknown file extension
sense-file-description Files with sense file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

seo-file-extension
seo-file-description SEO Note file
seo-file-description Files with seo extension are used by the SEO Note program. They store saved notes data.

seospider-file-extension
seospider-file-description Screaming Frog SEO Spider data
seospider-file-description A seospider file extension is related to the SEO Spider developed by Screaming Frog. A seospider file stores crawled data.

sep-file-extension
sep-file-description Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) bitmap image
sep-file-description Files with sep extension are mostly related to the TIFF Tagged Image File Format bitmap image files.

seplugin-file-extension
seplugin-file-description AppleScript Editor plugin
seplugin-file-description An seplugin file extension is related to the AppleScript Editor and used for its plugin files.

seq-file-extension
seq-file-description Sony Playstation MIDI sequence
seq-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe SEQ file extension!

sequ-file-extension
sequ-file-description Adobe Acrobat sequence data
sequ-file-description A sequ file extension is associated with Adobe Acrobat, a PDF documents authoring tool. A sequ file stores sequence data.

sequencediagram-file-extension
sequencediagram-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio sequence diagram
sequencediagram-file-description A sequencediagram file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio, an integrated development environment for Microsoft Windows. A sequencediagram file stores sequence diagram.

ser-file-extension
ser-file-description Java serialized object
ser-file-description Files with ser extension are most notably related to the Java a programming language and framework. A ser file stores serialized object created by various programs developed by using the Java platform.

serp-file-extension
serp-file-description Serpent (variant) ransomware affected file
serp-file-description Files with serp extension can be most often found as files which have been affected by the Serpent ransomware.

serpent-file-extension
serpent-file-description Serpent ransomware affected file
serpent-file-description Files with serpent suffix can be most often found as files which have been affected by the Serpent ransomware.

server-file-extension
server-file-description Bonobo Activation API file
server-file-description Files with server extension are used for Bonobo Activation API.

serverdef-file-extension
serverdef-file-description Server definition data
serverdef-file-description Files with serverdef file extension might be found as server definition settings from Eclipse servers.

serverstyle-file-extension
serverstyle-file-description ESRI ServerStyle data
serverstyle-file-description A serverstyle file extension is related to the ArcGIS program for Windows from ESRI. A .serverstyle file stores server style data.

service-file-extension
service-file-description macOS (OS X) service application data
service-file-description A .service file extension is related to the macOS (OS X) operating system, developed by Apple.

services-file-extension
services-file-description Unknown file extension
services-file-description Files with services file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ses-file-extension
ses-file-description Adobe Audition session data
ses-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe SES file extension!

session-file-extension
session-file-description CATIA V4 session data
session-file-description A session file extension is related to the CATIA V4, a CAD program for Windows and Unix. A session file contains session data.

sesx-file-extension
sesx-file-description Adobe Audition audio session
sesx-file-description Files with sesx file extension are audio sessions saved in Adobe Audition. These files are basically audio projects used to edit audio data. When the project is finished, the appropriate audio resources are saved in one of the common audio formats, like MP3.

set-file-extension
set-file-description Microsoft Backup file set
set-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe SET file extension!

settingcontent-ms-file-extension
settingcontent-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows 8.1 configuration data
settingcontent-ms-file-description A .settingcontent-ms file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 8.1 operating system. A settingcontent-ms file contains configuration data.

settings-file-extension
settings-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio settings data
settings-file-description A .settings files are generally settings or configuration files. Used for example in Microsoft Visual Studio, computer games etc.

setup-file-extension
setup-file-description Apple Mac Setup Assistant document
setup-file-description A .setup file extension is related to the Setup Assistant, a part of Apple Mac OS X (macOS) and used for its document files.

seu-file-extension
seu-file-description Serials 2000 encrypted S2K update
seu-file-description A seu file extension is related to the Serials 2000 encrypted S2K update format.

sev-file-extension
sev-file-description SevenUp picture
sev-file-description A sev file extension is related to the SevenUp picture file format used to store graphics for ZX Spectrum computers.

sevenwonderstreasuresofsevensavedgame-file-extension
sevenwonderstreasuresofsevensavedgame-file-description 7 Wonders: Treasures of Seven saved game file
sevenwonderstreasuresofsevensavedgame-file-description The sevenwonderstreasuresofsevensavedgame file extension is related to the 7 Wonders: Treasures of Seven computer game.

sevz-file-extension
sevz-file-description Sevilla compressed tournament file
sevz-file-description The SEVZ file extension is related to the Sevilla and used for its compressed tournament files.

sew-file-extension
sew-file-description Janome Sewing Machine stitch data
sew-file-description A sew file extension is related to the Janome Sewing Machine stitch file format, developed by Janome Sewing Machine Co., Ltd.

sex-file-extension
sex-file-description Urban Chaos game data
sex-file-description Files with sex file extension were game data archives in Urban Chaos third-person adventure from EIDOS.

sexy-file-extension
sexy-file-description PayDay ransomware affected files
sexy-file-description Files with sexy suffix are encrypted user files affected by the PayDay ransomware.

sez-file-extension
sez-file-description SEEP/W ZIP compressed data
sez-file-description A sez file extension is associated with SEEP/W program. A sez file contains compressed data.

se_-file-extension
se_-file-description Unknown file extension
se_-file-description Files with se_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sf-file-extension
sf-file-description IRCAM / MTU SoundFile format
sf-file-description Files with sf file extension can mainly be found as audio files in IRCAM / MTU audio format.

sf0-file-extension
sf0-file-description Microsoft Windows sytem file check data
sf0-file-description An sf0 file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows and used for its system file check data.

sf1-file-extension
sf1-file-description Unknown file extension
sf1-file-description Files with sf1 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sf2-file-extension
sf2-file-description Creative Labs SoundFont 2.0 sound bank
sf2-file-description File s with sf2 extension contain sound banks with instrumental music. Saved in Creative Labs SoundFont, these are used to customize instrument sounds on Creative sound cards for MIDI music playback or MIDI sequencing. An sf2 file stores bank with instruments.

sf3-file-extension
sf3-file-description STATGRAPHICS data file
sf3-file-description An sf3 file extension is related to the STATGRAPHICS software and used for its data files.

sf7-file-extension
sf7-file-description Sega SF-7000 ROM image
sf7-file-description An sf7 file extension is associated with Sega SF-7000, a hardware add-on for Sega SC-3000. An sf7 file stores ROM captured from SF-7000.

sfa-file-extension
sfa-file-description Sound Forge data
sfa-file-description An sfa file extension is related to the Sound Forge program. An sfa file stores data.

sfap0-file-extension
sfap0-file-description Sony Sound Forge proxy data
sfap0-file-description An sfap0 file extension is related to the Sony Sound Forge proxy data format.

sfar-file-extension
sfar-file-description Mass Effect 3 DLC add-on
sfar-file-description An sfar file extension is related to the Mass Effect 3 first person RPG for Windows and gaming consoles. An .sfar file contains DLC add-on.

sfark-file-extension
sfark-file-description Melody Machine compressed SoundFont file
sfark-file-description Files with sfark file extension can be found as compressed audio archives from Melody Machine.

sfarr-file-extension
sfarr-file-description SynthFont data
sfarr-file-description An sfarr file extension is related to the SynthFont software for Microsoft Windows. An sfarr file stores some kind of data.

sfb-file-extension
sfb-file-description Sony Playstation 3 game disc description data
sfb-file-description Files with sfb file extension are text file commonly found on Playstation 3 disks. These files contain additional game data information.

sfc-file-extension
sfc-file-description Microsoft Windows system file check data
sfc-file-description Files with sfc extension are mostly found as system file check data files from certain versions of Microsoft Windows operating system.

sfd-file-extension
sfd-file-description SoundStage sound data
sfd-file-description Files with sfd file extension can be often found as sound data saved in SoundStage format.

sfds-file-extension
sfds-file-description Single File Data Storage format
sfds-file-description An sfsd file extension is commonly related to Single File Data Storage format used to store many different types of data inside one file.

sfe-file-extension
sfe-file-description Logomatic v2 system data
sfe-file-description An sfe file extension is related to the Logomatic v2 system data format.

sff-file-extension
sff-file-description Structured Fax Format image format
sff-file-description An sff file extension is related to the Structure Fax File Format used to visualize fax documents in electronic form. An sff file contains fax document.

sfg-file-extension
sfg-file-description Sony Acid data
sfg-file-description An sfg file extension is related to the Sony ACID Pro audio workstation for Microsoft Windows.

sfi-file-extension
sfi-file-description Corel Ventura Publisher HP LaserJet printer font
sfi-file-description An sfi file extension is related to the Corel Ventura Publisher, a desktop publishing program. An sfi file contains printer font.

sfil-file-extension
sfil-file-description Macintosh System Sound file
sfil-file-description Files with sfil extension are associated with system sounds used in some versions of Mac OS.

sfk-file-extension
sfk-file-description Sony audio waveform visualisation data
sfk-file-description Files with sfk extension can be usually encountered as temporary files generated to visualize audio waveforms in several Sony applications, including ACID, SoundForge or Vegas.

sfl-file-extension
sfl-file-description PCL4 Ventura printer bitmap font
sfl-file-description An sfl file extension is related to the PCL4 Ventura printer bitmap font file format.

sflb-file-extension
sflb-file-description Sitefintiy library
sflb-file-description Files with sflb file extension an be found as Sitefintiy library files. Used for downloading of files.

sfm-file-extension
sfm-file-description Dart PRO soundtree structure data
sfm-file-description An sfm file extension is related to Dart PRO, an audio restoration application for Windows. An sfm file stores sound tree structure data.

sfn-file-extension
sfn-file-description EasySIGN font
sfn-file-description An sfn file extension is related to the EasySIGN, a program used for vinyl cutting. An sfn file stores font.

sfo-file-extension
sfo-file-description Bitstream font
sfo-file-description An sfo file extension is related to Bitstream and used for its font files.

sfofsavegame-file-extension
sfofsavegame-file-description Spider-Man 2 saved game
sfofsavegame-file-description An sfofsavegame file extension is related to computer game Spider-Man 2. An sfofsavegame file stores saved game.

sfp-file-extension
sfp-file-description LaserJet portrait font file
sfp-file-description An sfp file extension is related to the LaserJet portrait font file format.

sfpack-file-extension
sfpack-file-description SFPack compressed soundfont
sfpack-file-description An sfpack file extension is related to the SFPack compression tool and used for its compressed soundfont files.

sfpreset-file-extension
sfpreset-file-description Sony Preset Manager preset
sfpreset-file-description Files with sfpreset file extension are related to the Sony Preset Manager presets.

sfr-file-extension
sfr-file-description Sonic Foundry sample resource file
sfr-file-description Files with sfr suffix can be mostly found as older audio samples from Sonic Foundry software.

sfs-file-extension
sfs-file-description Squashfs file archive
sfs-file-description Files with sfs extension are mainly related to the SQUASHFS, a compressed read-only file system for Linux operating system.

sft-file-extension
sft-file-description ChiWriter screen font
sft-file-description An sft file extension is related to the ChiWriter, a text editing program. An sft file contains screen font.

sftdde-file-extension
sftdde-file-description Microsoft App-V data
sftdde-file-description A sftdde file extension is related to the Microsoft Application Virtualization software.

sfv-file-extension
sfv-file-description Simple File Verification checksum
sfv-file-description Files with sfv file extension can be commonly found as CRC checksums files for file verification purposes.

sfvidcap-file-extension
sfvidcap-file-description Sony Vegas video capture data
sfvidcap-file-description An sfvidcap file extension is related to the Sony Vegas and used for its video capture data.

sfw-file-extension
sfw-file-description Seattle Film Works graphics
sfw-file-description Files with sfw extension could be, especially in the past, found as special graphics from Seattle Film Works. Pretty outdated file format.

sfx-file-extension
sfx-file-description Self-extracting compressed archive
sfx-file-description An sfx file extension is related to the Self-extracting compressed archive file format.

sfz-file-extension
sfz-file-description SoundFont compressed audio
sfz-file-description Files with sfz file extension might be mostly found as lossless compressed audio files in SoundFont format.

sg-file-extension
sg-file-description SnapGraphix user data
sg-file-description An sg file extension is related to the SnapGraphix software. An sg file stores users settings.

sg1-file-extension
sg1-file-description Stanford graphics
sg1-file-description An sg1 file extension is related to the Stanford graphic image format.

sg2-file-extension
sg2-file-description Band-in-a-Box audio
sg2-file-description An sg2 file extension is related to the Band-in-a-Box program. An sg2 file contains audio.

sg3-file-extension
sg3-file-description ChessDB game data
sg3-file-description An sg3 file extension is related to the ChessDB software. An sg3 file stores saved game.

sg4-file-extension
sg4-file-description Band-in-a-Box song file
sg4-file-description Files with sg4 extension are used for Band-in-a-Box software. They contain saved songs.

sga-file-extension
sga-file-description Relic Entertainment SGA archive
sga-file-description Files with sga suffix can be usually found as resource data packs in games produced by Relic Entertainment (Homeworld, Warhammer 40,000 etc.).

sgaa-file-extension
sgaa-file-description Aleph One Marathon 2 saved game
sgaa-file-description An sgaa file extension is related to the Aleph One Marathon 2 video game. An sgaa file contains saved game.

sgb-file-extension
sgb-file-description SEG-B seismic data file
sgb-file-description Files with sgb extension are associated with SEG-B program.

sgbzip-file-extension
sgbzip-file-description Unknown file extension
sgbzip-file-description Files with sgbzip file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sgc-file-extension
sgc-file-description Secure SnapGear Router configuration
sgc-file-description Files with sgc file extension are related to Secure SnapGear Router. They store some configuration data.

sgcpo-file-extension
sgcpo-file-description case CATalyst data
sgcpo-file-description Files with sgcpo file extension can be found as part of Case CATalyst stenography software.

sgd-file-extension
sgd-file-description SEG-D seismic data format
sgd-file-description An sgd file extension is related to the SEG-D tool. An sgd file contains information in seismic data format.

sge-file-extension
sge-file-description Semi-Graphic logos Editor picture image
sge-file-description An sge file extension is related to the Semi-Graphic logos Editor picture image format.

sgf-file-extension
sgf-file-description StarOffice document with graphics
sgf-file-description An sgf file extension is related to StarOffice suite. An sgf file contains document with graphics.

sgh-file-extension
sgh-file-description Guitar Hero 3 setlist settings
sgh-file-description An sgh file extension is related to the Guitar Hero 3 video game. An sgh file stores setlist settings.

sgi-file-extension
sgi-file-description Silicon Graphics RGB bitmap image
sgi-file-description Files with sgi file extension are associated with the Silicon Graphics RGB bitmap image format.

sgi-lpr-file-extension
sgi-lpr-file-description Silicon Graphics printer data
sgi-lpr-file-description An sgi-lpr file extension is associated with the Silicon Graphics printer data file format. Probably obsolete.

sgl-file-extension
sgl-file-description StarOffice master document
sgl-file-description An sgl file extension is associated with the StarOffice / OpenOffice.org and used for its master document files.

sgm-file-extension
sgm-file-description Visual Boy Advance saved state
sgm-file-description An sgm file is related to the Visual Boy Advance an emulator of Nintendo Gameboy Advance. An sgm file stores saved progress in the game.

sgml-file-extension
sgml-file-description IETF SGML document
sgml-file-description An sgml file extension is related to the Standard Generalized Markup Language file format used to transport of documents in a format independent of the device, system or application.

sgn-file-extension
sgn-file-description Sierra Print Artist sign
sgn-file-description Files with sgn extension can be found as sign files from older Sierra Print Artist program.

sgngl-file-extension
sgngl-file-description Case CATalyst data
sgngl-file-description Files with sgngl file extension can be found as part of Case CATalyst stenography software.

sgo-file-extension
sgo-file-description SansGUI object library
sgo-file-description Files with sgo file extension can be found as object libraries from SansGUI framework.

sgp-file-extension
sgp-file-description STATGRAPHICS plus statistics
sgp-file-description Files with sgp file extension can typically be found as part of STATGRAPHICS software. Some sort of of statistics data file.

sgr-file-extension
sgr-file-description S-PLUS saved graph
sgr-file-description An sgr file extension is related to S-PLUS, a development environment for apps written in S programming language.

sgs-file-extension
sgs-file-description WinDS PRO data
sgs-file-description An sgs file extension is related to the WinDS PRO emulator of Nintendo consoles.

sgstn-file-extension
sgstn-file-description Case CATalyst data
sgstn-file-description Files with sgstn file extension might also be found as part of Case CATalyst CAT software.

sgt-file-extension
sgt-file-description Microsoft DirectMusic Producer segments
sgt-file-description An sgt file extension is related to the Microsoft DirectMusic Producer segments.

sgu-file-extension
sgu-file-description Band-in-a-Box midi song
sgu-file-description An sgu file extension is related to the Band-in-a-Box software. An sgu file stores audio data in midi format.

sgv-file-extension
sgv-file-description StarOffice StarDraw 2.0 picture image
sgv-file-description Files with sgv file extension might be found as old graphic files from StarOffice StarDraw.

sgvx-file-extension
sgvx-file-description Security camera locked moving image
sgvx-file-description The SGVX file extension is related to the Security camera locked moving image format.

sgw-file-extension
sgw-file-description n-Track Studio packed song
sgw-file-description Files with sgw extension can be found as packaged song files from n-Track Studio audio composing tool.

sgx-file-extension
sgx-file-description Lahey Fortran help index
sgx-file-description An sgx file extension is related to the Lahey Fortran, a programming language. An sgx file stores help index.

sgy-file-extension
sgy-file-description SEG-Y seismic data format
sgy-file-description An sgy file extension is related to the SEG-Y seismic data format used by seismic analyzing applications.

sgz-file-extension
sgz-file-description Sigza’s SigzaLock encrypted file
sgz-file-description Files with sgz extension are used for SigZa's SigzaLock. It is an encrypted file.

sh-file-extension
sh-file-description Unix Bourne Shell (Bash) script
sh-file-description Files with sh file extension is mainly related to the Unix Bourne Shell (Bash) file format.

sh2-file-extension
sh2-file-description Stronghold 2 saved game
sh2-file-description An sh2 file extension is related to the Stronghold 2 computer game. An sh2 file contains saved game.

sh3-file-extension
sh3-file-description Harvard Graphics 3.0 presentation file
sh3-file-description Files with sh3 extension are used for Harvard Graphics program. They contain some presentations data.

sh3d-file-extension
sh3d-file-description Sweet Home 3D design
sh3d-file-description Files with sh3d extension is related to the Sweet Home 3D, a free interior design suite and used for its 3D design files.

sh3f-file-extension
sh3f-file-description Sweet Home 3D model library
sh3f-file-description Files with sh3f file extension are usually model libraries for Sweet Home 3D interior design software. Most likely contains 3D elements that can be used when users designs interiors.

sh3l-file-extension
sh3l-file-description Sweet Home 3D language library
sh3l-file-description A file extension sh3l is related to the Sweet Home 3D disigning tool. An sh3l file contains language library.

sh3p-file-extension
sh3p-file-description Sweet Home 3D plugin
sh3p-file-description An sh3p file extension is related to the Sweet Home 3D, a 3D architect software. An sh3p file contains plugin.

sh3t-file-extension
sh3t-file-description Sweet Home 3D textures library
sh3t-file-description Files with sh3t extension can be found texture libraries for Sweet Home 3D software.

sh4-file-extension
sh4-file-description HelpMaker Help Authoring Tool data
sh4-file-description An sh4 file extension is related to the HelpMaker Help Authoring Tool software.

sh5-file-extension
sh5-file-description HelpMaker data
sh5-file-description An sh5 file extension is related to the HelpMaker Help Authoring Tool.

sh6-file-extension
sh6-file-description HelpMaker Help Authoring Tool data
sh6-file-description An sh6 file extension is related to the HelpMaker Help Authoring Tool software for Windows and Linux systems.

sha-file-extension
sha-file-description Unix SHAR archive
sha-file-description Files with sha extension can be mostly found as self-executing SHAR archives from Unix. Cannot be executed in Windows.

sha1-file-extension
sha1-file-description SHA-1 text hash
sha1-file-description An sha1 file extension is related to the SHA-1 cryptographic hash function stored in text file format.

sha256-file-extension
sha256-file-description SHA256 hash
sha256-file-description Files with sha256 extension can be most often encountered as identity hash files data files.

sha512-file-extension
sha512-file-description SHA512 hash
sha512-file-description An sha512 file extension is related to the SHA512 hash file format.

shader-file-extension
shader-file-description Quake 3 Arena id Tech 3 game engine shader file
shader-file-description Files with shader extension are used by the id Tech 3 game engine. This engine is used in some games like Quake 3, Wolfenstein etc.

shadercache-file-extension
shadercache-file-description Space Marine shader cache
shadercache-file-description A shadercache file extension is associated with Space Marine video game and used for shader cache files.

shaderlib-file-extension
shaderlib-file-description Stronghold 3 shader file
shaderlib-file-description Files with shaderlib extension are used by the Stronghold 3 castle computer game.

shaders_cache-file-extension
shaders_cache-file-description Google Android data
shaders_cache-file-description A shaders_cache file extension is related to the Google Android operating system for various devices.

shader_bundle-file-extension
shader_bundle-file-description Avalanche Studios game graphics
shader_bundle-file-description Files with shader_bundle extension can be commonly found as part of video games developed by Avalanche Studios, including Just Cause and The Hunter series.

shadow-file-extension
shadow-file-description FontTwister shadow file
shadow-file-description Files with shadow extension are used for the FontTwister application. They include some shadow settings.

shadowindexcompactdirectory-file-extension
shadowindexcompactdirectory-file-description macOS (OS X) Spotlight data
shadowindexcompactdirectory-file-description Files with .shadowindexcompactdirectory file extension might be found as generated by SpotLight on Mac computers.

shadowindexgroups-file-extension
shadowindexgroups-file-description macOS (OS X) spotlight data
shadowindexgroups-file-description Files with shadowindexgroups file extension can be found as files generated by Spotlight (Mac OS X  / macOS) indexing service.

shadowindextermids-file-extension
shadowindextermids-file-description macOS (OS X) Spotlight data
shadowindextermids-file-description Files with shadowindextermids file extension might be found as generated by SpotLight on Mac computers.

sham-file-extension
sham-file-description Sliced HAM picture image
sham-file-description A sham file extension is related to the Sliced HAM picture image format from Amiga computers.

shape-file-extension
shape-file-description Dia Diagram Editor shape file
shape-file-description Files with shape extension are used by Dia Diagram Editor. They include some data for the program's needs.

shar-file-extension
shar-file-description Unix self extracting Bourne shell archive file
shar-file-description Files with shar suffix can be usually found compressed archives on UNIX platform. Self-extracting files that can be executed with Bourne Shell.

sharc-file-extension
sharc-file-description PlayStation Home data
sharc-file-description An sharc file extension is related to the Playstation Home app. An sharc file stores game data.

sharedview-file-extension
sharedview-file-description SharedView file
sharedview-file-description The sharedview file extension is related to the SharedView software from Microsoft.

shb-file-extension
shb-file-description Microsoft Windows shortcut into a document
shb-file-description An shb file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows shortcut into a document format.

shb_aq-file-extension
shb_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
shb_aq-file-description Files with shb_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

shc-file-extension
shc-file-description Adobe Photoshop contour data
shc-file-description Files with shc extension are used for Adobe Photoshop´s contour lines.

shd-file-extension
shd-file-description Microsoft Windows shadow spooler file
shd-file-description Files with shd suffix are often would as part of the Microsoft Windows operating system. Used to stores shadow spooler, job settings.

shdc-file-extension
shdc-file-description ArmA: Armed Assault game data
shdc-file-description An shdc file extension is related to the ArmA: Armed Assault computer game.

she-file-extension
she-file-description Medusa 2D CAD data
she-file-description Files with she extension are 2D CAD files produced with one of the Medusa CAD programs by CAD Schroer.

sheet-file-extension
sheet-file-description Dia sheet
sheet-file-description A sheet file extension is related to the Dia a diagram editing tool. A sheet file stores sheet.

shelx-file-extension
shelx-file-description ShelX chemical modeler data
shelx-file-description A shelx file extension is associated with the ShelX software. A shelx file contains chemical data.

shf-file-extension
shf-file-description Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) share data
shf-file-description Files with shf file extension can also be found as one of the files used by Pretty Good Privacy platform.

shfb-file-extension
shfb-file-description Sandcastle Help File Builder project
shfb-file-description Files with the shfb file extension are related to the Sandcastle Help File Builder projects.

shfbproj-file-extension
shfbproj-file-description Sandcastle Help File Builder project
shfbproj-file-description An shfbproj file extension is related to the Sandcastle Help File Builder project files.

shft-file-extension
shft-file-description Shift Work Calendar data
shft-file-description An shft file extension is related to the Shift Work Calendar and used for its calendar data files.

shg-file-extension
shg-file-description Segmented Hypergraphics bitmap
shg-file-description An shg file extension is related to the Segmented Hypergraphics bitmap format.

shh-file-extension
shh-file-description Adobe Photoshop shadow or highlight settings
shh-file-description An shh file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop, a picture image editing tool. An shh file stores shadow or highlight settings.

shipsection-file-extension
shipsection-file-description Sword of the Stars ship data file
shipsection-file-description Detailed description

shipworld-file-extension
shipworld-file-description Starbound game data
shipworld-file-description A shipworld file extension is related to the Starbound indie computer game. A shipworld file contains some kind of game data.

shit-file-extension
shit-file-description Bourne Shell Server Page
shit-file-description Files with shit file extension are Bourne Shell Server Pages.

shk-file-extension
shk-file-description ShrinkIt compressed Apple II file archive
shk-file-description An shk file extension is related to the ShrinkIt compression tool for Apple II computers. An shk file contains file archive.

shlb-file-extension
shlb-file-description Mozilla data
shlb-file-description An shlb file extension is related to apps developed by Mozilla. An shlb file contains data.

shm-file-extension
shm-file-description Corel WordPerfect shell macro library
shm-file-description An shm file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect, a word processor. An shm file stores shell macro libraries.

shmap-file-extension
shmap-file-description Stronghold 3 map
shmap-file-description An shmap file extension is related to the Stronghold 3, a real time strategic computer game. An shmap file stores game map.

shn-file-extension
shn-file-description Shorten compressed audio data
shn-file-description Files with shn file extension are audio files in the Shorten lossless audio format. Pretty rare format, it can be played with Winamp.

sho-file-extension
sho-file-description Show Pro show flow file
sho-file-description Files with sho extension are used for Show Pro Software. They contain Show Pro show flow data.

shop-file-extension
shop-file-description Unknown file extension
shop-file-description Files with shop file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

shortcut-file-extension
shortcut-file-description Asutype shortcut
shortcut-file-description A shortcut file extension is related to the Austype and used for its data files.

show-file-extension
show-file-description Hancom Office Hanshow presentation data
show-file-description Files with show extension are mainly related to the Hanshow presentation software distributed with the Hancom Office. A show file stores presentation from Hanshow.

shp-file-extension
shp-file-description ESRI ArcView shapefile
shp-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe SHP file extension!

shpa-file-extension
shpa-file-description Marathon 2 Aleph One shape
shpa-file-description An shpa file extension is related to the Marathon 2 Aleph One gaming engine. An shpa file stores shapes.

shproj-file-extension
shproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
shproj-file-description An shproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development tool.

shr-file-extension
shr-file-description Unix Shell archive (SHAR)
shr-file-description An shr file extension is associated with the Unix and Unix-like operating systems. An shr file stores self-extracting archive.

shs-file-extension
shs-file-description Microsoft Windows 95/98 clipboard data
shs-file-description Files with shs extension can be used for Clipboard files in Windows 95, 98, NT and ME. Every time you pressed Ctrl + C to copy something, it would be saved in Windows clipboard - a file with shs file extension.

shsh-file-extension
shsh-file-description iOS ECID SHSH data
shsh-file-description Files with shsh file extension can be typically encountered on iOS devices (iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch) as some kind of signatures (ECID SHSH data).

shs_aq-file-extension
shs_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
shs_aq-file-description Files with shs_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sht-file-extension
sht-file-description HTML server side include document
sht-file-description An sht file extension is associated with the SSI (Server Side Includes) server-side scripting language especially created for the web.

shtm-file-extension
shtm-file-description HTML server side include file
shtm-file-description An shtm file extension is related to the HTML server side include (SSI).

shtml-file-extension
shtml-file-description HTML server side include HTML document
shtml-file-description An shtml file extension is related to the HTML server side include files used by SSI (Server Side Includes).

shu-file-extension
shu-file-description SnippetHub data
shu-file-description Files with shu file extension are related to the SnippetHub data format.

shutdownstall-file-extension
shutdownstall-file-description macOS log
shutdownstall-file-description Files with shutdownstall file extension can be found as log files generated in Mac OS X (macOS) when the system crashes during shutdownstall error.

shv-file-extension
shv-file-description Husqvarna Viking Designer 1 sewing machine embroidery design
shv-file-description Files with shv shv can be found as some type of embroidery designs for Husqvarna Viking sewing machines.

shw-file-extension
shw-file-description Corel Presentations slide show
shw-file-description Files with shw file extension may be most encountered as presentations or slideshows made using the Corel Presentations digital presentation creator for Windows.

shx-file-extension
shx-file-description AutoCAD shape compiled data
shx-file-description Files with shx extension can be found as compiled shape files (shp) from Autodesk AutoCAD, a 2D and 3D CAD design software. Not related to shapefiles used by ESRI software.

shy-file-extension
shy-file-description ShyFile encrypted data
shy-file-description An shy file extension is related to the ShyFile and used for its encrypted files.

shz-file-extension
shz-file-description Ximage data
shz-file-description Files with shz file extension can be found as old Ximage files. Seems like obsolete.

sh_-file-extension
sh_-file-description Unknown file extension
sh_-file-description Files with sh_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

si-file-extension
si-file-description AutoDesk Softimage image
si-file-description An si file suffix is associated with the AutoDesk Softimage software and used for its images.

si2-file-extension
si2-file-description SAS index data
si2-file-description An si2 file extension is related to the SAS index data files.

sia-file-extension
sia-file-description Silo 3D model file
sia-file-description Files with sia extension are used for the Silo program. They include 3D models made in Silo.

siag-file-extension
siag-file-description SIAG spreadsheet
siag-file-description A siag file extension is related to the SIAG a spreadsheet editing software. A siag file stores spreadsheet.

siard-file-extension
siard-file-description Unknown file extension
siard-file-description Files with siard file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sib-file-extension
sib-file-description Sibelius music notation
sib-file-description Files with sib file extension can be found as music notations for Sibelius notation software for Mac and Windows.

sic-file-extension
sic-file-description Quicken 2002 order data
sic-file-description A sic file extension is related to the Quicken 2002, a personal finance management tool. A sic file stores order data.

sid-file-extension
sid-file-description LizardTech MrSID image file format
sid-file-description Files with sid extension are almost always special images in MrSID (Multi-resolution Seamless Image Database) format, developed by LizardTech. Used in GIS and satellite imagery software.

sid1-file-extension
sid1-file-description Winamp media data
sid1-file-description A sid1 file extension is related to the Winamp a playback application for Windows and Android.

sidb-file-extension
sidb-file-description TextMaker Viewer data
sidb-file-description An sidb file extension is related to the TextMaker Viewer software for various platforms.

sidd-file-extension
sidd-file-description Apple iTunes authorization data
sidd-file-description An ssid file extension is related to the Apple iTunes for Windows and Mac and used for its authorization data files.

sidn-file-extension
sidn-file-description Apple iTunes authorization data
sidn-file-description An sidn file extension is related to the Apple iTunes authorization data files.

sidx-file-extension
sidx-file-description SharpMap spatial index file
sidx-file-description Files with sidx extension are used by the SharpMap program. They store some kind of spatial index data.

sie-file-extension
sie-file-description Swedish Accounting data format
sie-file-description Files with sie file extension seems to be mostly found as accounting data files in specific format used in Sweden.

sif-file-extension
sif-file-description Microsoft Windows NT setup installation data
sif-file-description Files with sif file extension may be often found as setup installation files from Microsoft Windows NT operating system.

siff-file-extension
siff-file-description Scene Interchange file format
siff-file-description A siff file extension is related to the Scene Interchange file format developed by Sega. Probably obsolete format.

sifz-file-extension
sifz-file-description Synfig Studio compressed project
sifz-file-description Files with sifz file extension are related to the Synfig Studio compressed project format.

sig-file-extension
sig-file-description Microsoft Office OneNote signature
sig-file-description Files with sig extension are mainly related to Microsoft OneNote, a note-taking and information-management application. A .sig file stores signature data.

sign-file-extension
sign-file-description GNU Privacy Guard data
sign-file-description A sign file extension is related to the GNU Privacy Guard software. A sign file stores encryption key.

signed-file-extension
signed-file-description macOS (OS X) data signature
signed-file-description Files with signed extension are some sort of web browser certificates for Safari web browser.

sii-file-extension
sii-file-description 18 Wheels of Steel truck definition data
sii-file-description Files with sii extension can be found as truck definition files from 18 Wheels of Steel computer game.

sik-file-extension
sik-file-description Microsoft Word backup
sik-file-description An sik file extension is related to the Microsoft Word, text editing software for Windows and other platforms. An sik file contains backup.

sil-file-extension
sil-file-description SmartInspect log
sil-file-description Files with sil file extension can mostly be found as logs generated using the SmartInspect software.

silk-file-extension
silk-file-description Microsoft Excel Symbolic Link format
silk-file-description Files with silk file extension can be typically found as data sheets in Microsoft Excel Symbolic Link format that is used to exchange data between spreadsheets.

silo-file-extension
silo-file-description VisIt hydrodynamical numerical simulation data
silo-file-description A .silo file extension is related to the VisIt program. A .silo file contains hydrodynamical numerical simulation data.

sim-file-extension
sim-file-description Intel VTune performance monitor data
sim-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe SIM file extension!

sim3-file-extension
sim3-file-description The Sims 3 game data
sim3-file-description A sim3 file extension is associated with The Sims 3 and used for its game data files.

simba-file-extension
simba-file-description Simba script
simba-file-description A simba file extension is related to the Simba software and used for its script files.

simg-file-extension
simg-file-description Synclavier disk image
simg-file-description A simg file extension is related to the Synclavier disk image format.

simp-file-extension
simp-file-description Software Ideas Modeler project
simp-file-description Files with simp suffix are typically found as projects saved in Software Ideas Modeler program.

simple-file-extension
simple-file-description Simple Compiler source code
simple-file-description A simple file extension is related to the Simple Compiler and used used for its source codes.

simpl_int-file-extension
simpl_int-file-description Temporary data
simpl_int-file-description Files with simpl_int file extension can be found as temporary files.

sims2pack-file-extension
sims2pack-file-description The Sims 2 package
sims2pack-file-description A sims2pack file extension is related to The Sims 2 video game. A sims2pack file stores add-on package.

sims2skin-file-extension
sims2skin-file-description Sims 2 skin file
sims2skin-file-description Files with sims2skin extension are used for the Sims2 computer game. They include skin data.

sims3-file-extension
sims3-file-description The Sims 3 saved game
sims3-file-description A sims3 file extension is related to The Sims 3 video game and used for its saved game files.

sims3pack-file-extension
sims3pack-file-description The Sims 3 game package
sims3pack-file-description Files with sim3pack extension can be found as resources packages for The Sims 3 computer game. A typical sims3pack file may contain audio, video or graphics data.

sin-file-extension
sin-file-description Xperia system loader
sin-file-description Files with sin file extension can be found as system loaders files for Xperia mobile phones. Probably only Android file.

sinf-file-extension
sinf-file-description Apple iOS digital rights management
sinf-file-description A sinf file extension is used for Apple iOS digital rights file. A sinf file stores information about digital rights applied in application.

sip-file-extension
sip-file-description Scopetrax compressed sample file
sip-file-description Files with sip suffix can be found as old compressed audio samples from ScopeTrax program.

siqd-file-extension
siqd-file-description Tektronics RSA306 SIQ data
siqd-file-description A siqd file extension is related to the Tektronix RSA306 TIQ data format.

siqh-file-extension
siqh-file-description Tektronics RSA306 SIQ header data
siqh-file-description A sigh file extension is related to the Tektronics RSA306 SIQ header data format.

sir-file-extension
sir-file-description SIR (Scientific Information Retrieval) database
sir-file-description Files with sir file extension can be databases created using Scientific Information Retrieval software.

sis-file-extension
sis-file-description Psion software installation
sis-file-description An sis file extension is used for installation packages for EPOC PSION operating system.

sis.dm-file-extension
sis.dm-file-description Nokia Ovi Store protected program
sis.dm-file-description A sis.dm file extension is related to Symbian operating system for smart phones. A .sis.dm file stores application with DRM protection.

sisx.dm-file-extension
sisx.dm-file-description Nokia Ovi Store protected program
sisx.dm-file-description Files with sisx.dm file extension can be found as special DRM protected installation packages for Nokia phones based on Symbian.

sit%21-file-extension
sit%21-file-description StuffIt Expander archive format
sit%21-file-description An sit! file extension is associated with the StuffIt Expander program. An sit! file contains compressed archive.

sit5-file-extension
sit5-file-description StuffIt 5 archive format
sit5-file-description A sit5 file extension is associated with tht Stuffit 5 archive format.

site-file-extension
site-file-description Adobe GoLive Site specific data
site-file-description A site file extension is related to the Adobe GoLive and used for its specific data.

sitemap-file-extension
sitemap-file-description ASP .NET site map
sitemap-file-description Files with sitemap file extension can be commonly found as one of the web files. Contains website navigation structure.

sites-file-extension
sites-file-description Apple iWeb domain data
sites-file-description A sites file extension is related to the Apple iWeb and used for its project files.

sites2-file-extension
sites2-file-description Apple iWeb domain data
sites2-file-description A sites2 file extension is related to the Apple iWeb and used for its project files.

sitf-file-extension
sitf-file-description IconToolkit data
sitf-file-description A sitf file extension is associated with the IconToolkit and used for its data files.

sithqx-file-extension
sithqx-file-description StuffIt compressed archive
sithqx-file-description A sithqx file extension is related to the StuffIt and used for its compressed archives. Probably obsolete format.

sitl-file-extension
sitl-file-description StuffIt library file
sitl-file-description Detailed description

sito-file-extension
sito-file-description StuffIt translator data
sito-file-description A sito file extension is related to the Stuffit and used for its translator data.

sitv-file-extension
sitv-file-description StuffIt Viewer file
sitv-file-description Detailed description

siv-file-extension
siv-file-description Silicon Imaging video file
siv-file-description Files with siv extension are created by some camcorders developed by Silicon Imaging and can be played by Adobe SpeedGrade software.

six-file-extension
six-file-description DEC LN03+ sixel bitmap image
six-file-description A six file extension is related to the DEC LN03+ sixel bitmap image format.

sixel-file-extension
sixel-file-description DEC LN03+ Sixel bitmap image file
sixel-file-description Detailed description

siz-file-extension
siz-file-description Oracle 7 configuration data
siz-file-description A siz file extension is related to the Oracle Database version 7 configuration data.

si_-file-extension
si_-file-description Unknown file extension
si_-file-description Files with si_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sj1-file-extension
sj1-file-description SEGA SJ-1 DIGIO image
sj1-file-description An sj1 file extension is related to the SEGA SJ-1 DIGIO image format.

sjava-file-extension
sjava-file-description Synchronous Java source code file
sjava-file-description Detailed description

sjb-file-extension
sjb-file-description SWiSH Jukebox data
sjb-file-description Files with sjb file extension are used by SWiSH Jukebox, program for Windows.

sjc-file-extension
sjc-file-description Sothink JavaScript Web Scroller definition file
sjc-file-description Files with sjc extension are used for the Sothink JavaScript Web Scroller.

sjd-file-extension
sjd-file-description Scrapbook Factory Deluxe saved journal data
sjd-file-description An sjd file extension is related to the Scrapbook Factory Deluxe. An sjd file stores saved journal data.

sjf-file-extension
sjf-file-description Label Etching Matching data
sjf-file-description Files with sjf file extension are associated with the data used by Label Etching Matching.

sjpg-file-extension
sjpg-file-description Sealed JPG data
sjpg-file-description Files with sjpg file extension can be found as "sealed" JPG images created using the Sealer program from Sealed Media.

sjs-file-extension
sjs-file-description Simcity 3000 buildings add-on
sjs-file-description Files with sjs extension are used for the Simcity 3000. They contain users created buildings.

sj_-file-extension
sj_-file-description SuperJAM audio data
sj_-file-description An sj_ file extension is related to the SuperJAM program. An sj_ file stores audio.

sk-file-extension
sk-file-description Safari saved browsing history
sk-file-description Files with sk file extension might be found as saved history files from Safari web browser.

sk1-file-extension
sk1-file-description sK1 vector drawing
sk1-file-description An sk1 file extension is related to the sK1 vector drawing file format.

sk2-file-extension
sk2-file-description ACD/ChemSketch drawing
sk2-file-description Files with sk2 suffix can be mostly found as drawing made using the ACD/ChemSketch chemical drawing software.

ska-file-extension
ska-file-description Happy99 virus data
ska-file-description A ska file extension is related to the Happy99  (Ska or I-Worm) virus.

skb-file-extension
skb-file-description SketchUp graphics backup
skb-file-description Files with skb extension are backups of .skp graphics files from SketchUp program. Just rename them back to .skp if you need to.

skba-file-extension
skba-file-description SketchBook Pro animation data
skba-file-description An skba file extension is related to the SketchBook Pro and used for its animation files.

skc-file-extension
skc-file-description SideKick for Windows database
skc-file-description Files with skc file extension were used in old SideKick personal information manager program.

skcard-file-extension
skcard-file-description Borland Sidekick contact
skcard-file-description An skcard file extension is related to the Borland Sidekick application and used for its card files.

skch-file-extension
skch-file-description EasySketchPro project
skch-file-description Files with skch file extension can be found as projects from the EasySketchPro drawing and sketching software.

skchr-file-extension
skchr-file-description SketchChair design
skchr-file-description Files with skchr file extension are used by SketchChair, an app for Windows, Mac and Linux. An skchr file stores chair design.

skd-file-extension
skd-file-description VEX format
skd-file-description An skd file extension is related to VEX file format that has been invented to prescribe a complete description of a VLBI experiment, including scheduling, data-taking and correlation..

ske-file-extension
ske-file-description Battlefield 2 skeleton data
ske-file-description An ske file extension is related to the Battlefield 2, a 3D action shooter computer game for Windows. An ske file stores skeleton data for 3D models.

skel-file-extension
skel-file-description Darkest Dungeon animation
skel-file-description Files with skel file extension can be found as game (animation) files from Darkest Dungeon horror dungeon crawler computer game.

sketch-file-extension
sketch-file-description Bohemian Coding Sketch drawing
sketch-file-description Files with .sketch file extension can be usually found as vector graphics made in Bohemian Coding Sketch app for OS X (macOS).

skf-file-extension
skf-file-description Autodesk AutoSKETCH thumbnail
skf-file-description An skf file extension is related to the Autodesk AutoSKETCH, a 2D vector drawing software for Windows and used for its thumbnail files.

skg-file-extension
skg-file-description Skrooge data
skg-file-description Files with skg file extension an be found as data files from the Skrooge program.

ski-file-extension
ski-file-description Motorola mobile phone skin
ski-file-description An ski file extension is related to the theme or skin format for a Motorola mobile phones.

skin-file-extension
skin-file-description Skin data
skin-file-description Generally, files with skin file extension can be found as program skins, graphics that can be used to change the look of programs user interface.

skindex-file-extension
skindex-file-description Apple Mail index
skindex-file-description An skindex file extension is related to the Apple Mail, an e-mail client. An skindex file stores index of mail messages.

skinnedmesh-file-extension
skinnedmesh-file-description Battlefield skinned mesh
skinnedmesh-file-description A skinnedmesh file extension is related to the Battlefield 2, a 3D action computer game for Microsoft Windows. A skinnedmesh file stores 3D data for models.

skitch-file-extension
skitch-file-description Skitch graphics
skitch-file-description A skitch file extension is related to the Evernote Skitch software and used for its graphics files.

skk-file-extension
skk-file-description SmartSketch drawing
skk-file-description Files with skk file extension can be found as drawings made in SmartSketch program.

skl-file-extension
skl-file-description Adobe Authorware resource data
skl-file-description An skl file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware development environment. An skl file contains data resource.

skm-file-extension
skm-file-description SSEYO Koan data
skm-file-description Files with skm file extension are mainly related to SSEYO Koan music engine. These files contain audio data.

sko-file-extension
sko-file-description Sage accounting executable
sko-file-description Files with sko file extension can be found as some executables from one of the version of Sage accounting.

skpkmz-file-extension
skpkmz-file-description SketchUp data
skpkmz-file-description Files with skpkmz file extension is related to the SketchUp and used for its data files.

skr-file-extension
skr-file-description PGP Pretty Good Privacy private keyring
skr-file-description Files with skr file extension can be typically encountered as so called keyrings from PGP Pretty Good Privacy software.

sks-file-extension
sks-file-description Show.kit template
sks-file-description An sks file extension is related to web designing tool called Show.kit. An sks file stores template.

skse-file-extension
skse-file-description The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim saved game
skse-file-description An skse file extension is related to the The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim video game. An skse file stores saved game data.

skt-file-extension
skt-file-description SSEYO Koan data
skt-file-description Files with skm file extension are used for SSEYO Koan software.

sku-file-extension
sku-file-description TomTom for R-Link map
sku-file-description Files with sku file extension are related to the TomTom app included in R-Link multimedia interface. An sku file stores map data.

skudef-file-extension
skudef-file-description Command & Conquer archive description package
skudef-file-description Files with skudef extension can be found as data packages from Command & Conquer game series. Contains data used by the engine to locate a corresponding resource pack.

skv-file-extension
skv-file-description Semicolon separated values file
skv-file-description Files with skv suffix can be typically encountered as data files saved in special Semicolon separated values file format.

skw-file-extension
skw-file-description SideKick calendar data
skw-file-description Files with skw file extension were associated with the SideKick program from Borland. An skw file contains calendar data.

skx-file-extension
skx-file-description XLANG schedule
skx-file-description An skx file extension is related to the BizTalk Server Orchestration Designer add-in for Microsoft BizTalk Server. An skx file stores schedule.

sky-file-extension
sky-file-description Adobe Acrobat language resource
sky-file-description Files with sky suffix are used by Adobe Acrobat software for Windows and Mac to store language resources.

skype-file-extension
skype-file-description Skype data
skype-file-description A skype file extension is related to the Skype video chat and instant messaging software for Windows, Mac and other platforms.

skypechatstyle-file-extension
skypechatstyle-file-description Skype chat style
skypechatstyle-file-description A skypechatstyle file extension is related to the Skype, an instant messaging client for various platforms, developed by Microsoft. A skypechatstyle file contains chat style.

skypeemoticonset-file-extension
skypeemoticonset-file-description Skype emoticon set
skypeemoticonset-file-description A skypeemoticonset file extension is related to the Skype for Mac, an instant messaging software. A .skypeemoticonset file contains set of emoticons.

skz-file-extension
skz-file-description SuperKaramba theme
skz-file-description An skz file extension is related to the SuperKaramba and used for its theme files.

sl-file-extension
sl-file-description S-Lang language source code
sl-file-description An sl file suffix is associated with the S-Lang scripting language. An sl file contains source code written in S-Lang.

sl00-file-extension
sl00-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool data
sl00-file-description Files with sl00 file extension might be found as part of HLSW Game Server Tool software. Data file.

sl01-file-extension
sl01-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl01-file-description Files with SL01 extension can be found as part of HLSW Game Server Tool. Data file.

sl02-file-extension
sl02-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool data
sl02-file-description Files with sl02 file extension are data files from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl03-file-extension
sl03-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl03-file-description Files with SL03 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl04-file-extension
sl04-file-description Lathe data
sl04-file-description An sl04 file extension is related to the Lathe video conferencing software.

sl05-file-extension
sl05-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl05-file-description Detailed description

sl06-file-extension
sl06-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl06-file-description Detailed description

sl07-file-extension
sl07-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl07-file-description Files with SL07 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl08-file-extension
sl08-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool data
sl08-file-description An sl08 file extension is related to the HLSW Game Server Tool a software for on-line gamers. An sl08 file contains some kind of data resource.

sl09-file-extension
sl09-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl09-file-description Files with SL09 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool program.

sl10-file-extension
sl10-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl10-file-description Files with SL10 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool program.

sl11-file-extension
sl11-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl11-file-description Files with SL11 extension might also be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl12-file-extension
sl12-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl12-file-description Detailed description

sl13-file-extension
sl13-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl13-file-description Detailed description

sl14-file-extension
sl14-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl14-file-description Files with SL14 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool program.

sl15-file-extension
sl15-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl15-file-description Detailed description

sl16-file-extension
sl16-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool data
sl16-file-description Files with sl16 file extension can be found as one of the data files from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl17-file-extension
sl17-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool data
sl17-file-description Files with sl17 file extension are related to HLSW GameServer Tool for online gaming.

sl18-file-extension
sl18-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool data
sl18-file-description An sl18 file extension is related to the HLSW Game Server Tool and used for its data files.

sl19-file-extension
sl19-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool data
sl19-file-description Files with sl19 file extension are data files from HLSW Game Server Tool program.

sl2-file-extension
sl2-file-description SQLite 2.0 database
sl2-file-description Files with sl2 extension are databases in one of the SQLite formats, most likely version 2. SQLite is a relational database management system.

sl20-file-extension
sl20-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl20-file-description Files with SL20 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl21-file-extension
sl21-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl21-file-description Detailed description

sl22-file-extension
sl22-file-description HLSW file
sl22-file-description The sl22 file extension is related to the HLSW a software tool for Windows.

sl23-file-extension
sl23-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl23-file-description Files with SL23 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl24-file-extension
sl24-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl24-file-description Files with sl24 file extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tools.

sl25-file-extension
sl25-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl25-file-description Files with SL25 extension can be found as game data resources from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl26-file-extension
sl26-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl26-file-description Files with SL26 extension can be found as part of HLSW Game Server Tool online game program.

sl27-file-extension
sl27-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl27-file-description Files with SL27 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl28-file-extension
sl28-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl28-file-description Detailed description

sl29-file-extension
sl29-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl29-file-description Files with SL29 extension might be found as data files from HLSW Game Server Toos.

sl3-file-extension
sl3-file-description SQLite 3.0 database
sl3-file-description Files with sl3 file extension are almost always databases saved in version 3.0 of SQLite relational database management system.

sl30-file-extension
sl30-file-description HLSW Game Server Tool file
sl30-file-description Files with SL30 extension might be found as game data files from HLSW Game Server Tool program.

sl31-file-extension
sl31-file-description HLSW file
sl31-file-description The sl31 file extension is related to the HLSW Game Server Tool.

sl4-file-extension
sl4-file-description GEMPACK solution data
sl4-file-description An sl4 file extension is associated with the GEMPACK (General Equilibrium Modelling PACKage).  An sl4 file stores solution data.

sla-file-extension
sla-file-description Scribus document
sla-file-description An sla file extension is related to the Scribus a desktop publishing software. An sla file stores DTP document.

slackbuild-file-extension
slackbuild-file-description Slackware Linux script file
slackbuild-file-description Files with slackbuild extension are used by the Slackware operating system. They include some scripts for shell.

slb-file-extension
slb-file-description PSpice symbols library
slb-file-description An slb file extension is related to the PSpice a circuit simulator for Microsoft Windows operating system. An slb file stores symbol library.

slc-file-extension
slc-file-description 3D Systems SLiCe countour data
slc-file-description Files with slc file extension can be mainly found as one of the 3D Systems' SLiCe format for representation of  "21/2D" contour of a CAD model.

sld-file-extension
sld-file-description Autodesk AutoCAD slide
sld-file-description Files with sld extension are quite often slide files from Autodesk AutoCAD, a CAD modeling software.

sld3-file-extension
sld3-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint 3/4 for Mac slide
sld3-file-description An sld3 file extension is related to the Microsoft PowerPoint, a presentation software. An sld3 file stores slide, created with PowerPoint for Mac version 3 or 4.

sld8-file-extension
sld8-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint 98 for Mac  slide file
sld8-file-description Files with sld8 extension are used by Microsoft Powerpoint program. They are associated with older versions of the program as a slide files.

sldasm-file-extension
sldasm-file-description SolidWorks assembly data
sldasm-file-description Files with sldasm extension can be mainly found as CAD assembly files from SolidWorks CAD software.

sldblk-file-extension
sldblk-file-description SolidWorks blocks data
sldblk-file-description Files with sldblk file extension can be found as some kind of blocks files for SolidWorks CAD software.

sldbombt-file-extension
sldbombt-file-description SolidWorks BOM template
sldbombt-file-description Files with sldbombt file extension can be found as special bill of materials template for the Solidworks software.

sldbomtbt-file-extension
sldbomtbt-file-description SolidWorks bill of materials template
sldbomtbt-file-description Files with sldbomtbt file extension are bill of material templates used by SolidWorks.

sldclr-file-extension
sldclr-file-description SolidWorks colour palette
sldclr-file-description Files with sldclr extension are used for SolidWorks. An sldclr file contains color palette.

sldd-file-extension
sldd-file-description MATlab data
sldd-file-description An sldd file extension is related to the MATlab, a computing software for various platforms. An sldd file contains data.

slddc-file-extension
slddc-file-description MATlab data
slddc-file-description An slddc file extension is related to the MATlab a software for Microsoft Windows operating system.

slddrt-file-extension
slddrt-file-description SolidWorks general table template
slddrt-file-description Files with slddrt suffix are almost always general table templates for SolidWorks CAD program.

slddrw-file-extension
slddrw-file-description SolidWorks CAD drawing
slddrw-file-description Files with slddrw extension can be found as CAD drawings from SolidWorks program by Dassault Systemes.

slddwg-file-extension
slddwg-file-description SolidWorks drawing 2D vector graphics
slddwg-file-description An slddwg file extension is related to the SolidWorks, a 3D mechanical CAD modeling tool. An slddwg file contains 2D vector graphics data.

sldedb-file-extension
sldedb-file-description SolidWorks database
sldedb-file-description An sldedb file extension is related to the SolidWorks, a CAD modeling program. An sldedb file contains database.

sldfvt-file-extension
sldfvt-file-description SolidWorks favorite data
sldfvt-file-description A sldfvt file extension is related to the SolidWorks software and used for its favorite data.

sldgtolfvt-file-extension
sldgtolfvt-file-description SolidWorks geometric tolerance style
sldgtolfvt-file-description An sldgtolfvt file extension is related to the SolidWorks software for Microsoft Windows. An sldgtolfvt file stores geometric tolerance style.

sldholtbt-file-extension
sldholtbt-file-description SolidWorks hole table template
sldholtbt-file-description An sldholtbt file extension is related to the SolidWorks, a 3D designing software. An sldholtbt file contains hole table template.

sldlfp-file-extension
sldlfp-file-description SolidWorks library part
sldlfp-file-description A sldlfp file extension is related to the SolidWorks library part file format developed by SolidWorks Corporation.

sldm-file-extension
sldm-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint macro-enabled Open XML slide
sldm-file-description An sldm file extension is related to the Microsoft PowerPoint presentation software. An sldm file stores macro-enabled Open XML slide.

sldmat-file-extension
sldmat-file-description SolidWorks material database
sldmat-file-description A sldmat file extension is related to the SolidWorks and used for its material database files.

sldnotesstl-file-extension
sldnotesstl-file-description SolidWorks data
sldnotesstl-file-description Files with sldnotesstl file extension are commonly used by SolidWorks, a CAD software for Windows.

sldprt-file-extension
sldprt-file-description SolidWorks CAD part
sldprt-file-description Files with sldprt extension can be typically found as CAD parts made using SolidWorks CAD designing suite.

sldreg-file-extension
sldreg-file-description SolidWorks settings
sldreg-file-description An sldreg file extension is related to the SolidWorks, a CAD/CAM program. An sldreg file stores settings.

sldrevtbt-file-extension
sldrevtbt-file-description SolidWorks revision table template file
sldrevtbt-file-description Files with sldrevtbt extension are used for SolidWorks. They icnlude some revision table template data.

slds-file-extension
slds-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint 2 for Mac  slide file
slds-file-description Detailed description

sldsffvt-file-extension
sldsffvt-file-description SolidWorks surface finish style
sldsffvt-file-description Files with sldsffvt file extension is related to the SolidWorks surface finish style file format.

sldstd-file-extension
sldstd-file-description SolidWorks drafting standard data
sldstd-file-description A sldstd file extension is related to the SolidWorks and used for its drafting standards.

sldtbt-file-extension
sldtbt-file-description SolidWorks general table template
sldtbt-file-description An sldtbt file extension is related to the SolidWorks CAD and CAM software. An sldtbt file stores general table template.

sldweldfvt-file-extension
sldweldfvt-file-description SolidWorks weld style file
sldweldfvt-file-description Files with sldweldfvt extension are used by SolidWorks software. It is used as a weld style file format.

sldwldtbt-file-extension
sldwldtbt-file-description SolidWorks Weldment Cutlist template file
sldwldtbt-file-description Files with sldwldtbt extension are used for the SolidWorks. They contain template data.

sldx-file-extension
sldx-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint Open XML slide file
sldx-file-description An sldx file extension is related to the Microsoft PowerPoint Open XML slide file format.

sldxml-file-extension
sldxml-file-description SolidWorks assembly data
sldxml-file-description Files with sldxml file extension are used by SolidWorks assembly data format.

sle-file-extension
sle-file-description Sisulizer exchange data
sle-file-description Files with sle file extension are exchange data files for Sisulizer program.

slf-file-extension
slf-file-description Symantec license
slf-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe SLF file extension!

slg-file-extension
slg-file-description Chromeleon audit trail data
slg-file-description Files with slg extension are also used in Chromeleon gromatography software from Dionex. Some sort of audit files.

slh-file-extension
slh-file-description Baldur's Gate II game data
slh-file-description An slh file extension is related to the Baldur's Gate II computer game. An slh file contains game data.

sli-file-extension
sli-file-description ENVI spectral library
sli-file-description An sli file extension is related to the ENVI spectral library file format.

slib-file-extension
slib-file-description Synopsys interface timing specification model file
slib-file-description Files with slib extension are used by the Synopsys programs. They include some various data used for internal purposes.

slidesaver-file-extension
slidesaver-file-description Mac OS X screensaver
slidesaver-file-description A slidesaver file extension is related to the  macOS (OS X) operating system. A slidesaver file stores screensaver.

slife-file-extension
slife-file-description Slife database
slife-file-description Files with slife file extension might be found as databases from SLIFE activity browser for Mac.

slim-file-extension
slim-file-description Slim script
slim-file-description Files with slim file extension can be found as scripts in SLIM file format.

slingodeluxesavedgame-file-extension
slingodeluxesavedgame-file-description Slingo Deluxe file
slingodeluxesavedgame-file-description The slingodeluxesavedgame file extension is related to the Slingo Deluxe computer game and used for its saved game files.

slip-file-extension
slip-file-description CodeGear license data
slip-file-description Files with slip file extension are related to the license data format used by various apps developed by CodeGear (Embacadero).

slk-file-extension
slk-file-description Microsoft Symbolic Link format
slk-file-description An slk file extension is related to the Microsoft Symbolic Link, a data exchange file format (typically spreadsheets) used by various applications developed by Microsoft, but also supported by others.

sll-file-extension
sll-file-description Static Link Library
sll-file-description Files with sll extension are used for the Static link libraries. It contains many data.

slm-file-extension
slm-file-description Gallery Lock hidden media
slm-file-description Files with slm extension can be found as hidden files on SD cards of Android devices. These are files hidden using the Gallery Lock app for Android.

slmx-file-extension
slmx-file-description Simulink traceability data
slmx-file-description An slmx file extension is associated with the Simulink, a graphical programming environment for various platforms. An slmx file stores traceability data.

sln-file-extension
sln-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio solution data
sln-file-description Files with sln extension are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its solution files (settings).

slnk-file-extension
slnk-file-description SAP Business All-in-One plug-in file
slnk-file-description Files with slnk extension are used for the SAP Business All-in-One software. They include plugin files.

slo-file-extension
slo-file-description RenderMan compiled file
slo-file-description Files with slo extension are used for the RenderMan 3D API and 3D rendering software. It is usede by Pixar and these files include compiled data.

slog-file-extension
slog-file-description Autodesk Revit worksharing log
slog-file-description Files with slog file extension are used by Autodesk Revit, a BIM application for Windows.

slogo-file-extension
slogo-file-description StarLogo programming project file
slogo-file-description Detailed description

slogt-file-extension
slogt-file-description StarLogo template file
slogt-file-description Files with slogt extension are used by the StarLogo programmable environment.

slow-file-extension
slow-file-description Notepad++ data
slow-file-description Files with slow file extension are related to the Notepad++ data.

slp-file-extension
slp-file-description Timeslips data
slp-file-description Files with slp file extension can also be found as data files from Sage Timeslips program.

slr-file-extension
slr-file-description ArcSWAT solar radiation input data
slr-file-description An slr file extension is related to the ArcSWAT (Soil and Water Assessment Tool). An slr file stores solar radiation input data.

slreqx-file-extension
slreqx-file-description Simulink requirements data
slreqx-file-description An slreqx file extension is related to the Simulink from MathWorks and used for its requirements data files.

sls-file-extension
sls-file-description Image playlist
sls-file-description An sls file extension is related to the image playlist file format.

sls3-file-extension
sls3-file-description Microsoft Excel 3 for Mac template
sls3-file-description An sls3 file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor for Windows and Mac. An sls3 file stores template from Excel 3 for Mac.

sls4-file-extension
sls4-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac template file
sls4-file-description Detailed description

sls5-file-extension
sls5-file-description Microsoft Excel 5 for Mac template file
sls5-file-description Detailed description

sls8-file-extension
sls8-file-description Microsoft Excel 98 for Mac template
sls8-file-description An sls file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel 98 for Mac. An sls file contains template. Probably obsolete format.

slst-file-extension
slst-file-description On Schedule schedule data
slst-file-description Files with slst file extension are related to the On Schedule schedule data format.

slt-file-extension
slt-file-description Mozilla Firefox/Thunderbird user profile folder
slt-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe SLT file extension!

sltng-file-extension
sltng-file-description StarLogo TNG project
sltng-file-description A .sltng file extension is associated with the StarLogo TNG, a simulation software of complex systems and used for its project files.

sltx-file-extension
sltx-file-description MATlab model template
sltx-file-description An sltx file extension is related to the MATlab and used for its model templates.

slupkg-ms-file-extension
slupkg-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows Software Licensing Commerce Client data
slupkg-ms-file-description A slupkg-ms file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows Software Licensing Commerce Client. A slupkg-ms file contains data.

slv-file-extension
slv-file-description Silva import and export data
slv-file-description Files with slv file extension may be mostly found as data exchange files from Silva content management system.

slw-file-extension
slw-file-description Settler LITE data file
slw-file-description Files with slw suffix can be usually found as part of Settler LITE accounting software for agriculture/forestry/fishing/mining companies.

slx-file-extension
slx-file-description SpectraLayers Pro audio project
slx-file-description An slx file extension is associated with SpectraLayers Pro, an audio editing program. An slx file contains audio project.

slxc-file-extension
slxc-file-description Simulink cache
slxc-file-description An slxc file extension is associated with the Simulink, a simulation and model-based design program. An slxc file stores cache.

slxp-file-extension
slxp-file-description MATlab model
slxp-file-description An slxp file extension is related to the MATlab (matrix laboratory). An slxp file stores model of algorithms.

sly-file-extension
sly-file-description Lilypond guitar data
sly-file-description A sly file extension is related to the LilyPond and used for its guitar data.

slz-file-extension
slz-file-description Adobe RoboHelp screen layout
slz-file-description Files with slz file extension can be found as screen layout files for Adobe RoboHelp projects.

sm-file-extension
sm-file-description ScriptMaker script
sm-file-description An sm file extension is related to the ScriptMaker a screenwriting software and used for its script files.

sm2-file-extension
sm2-file-description RHK Technology proprietary file format
sm2-file-description Files with sm2 extension are connnected with XPMPro. They store saved data from the application.

sm3-file-extension
sm3-file-description DataCAD symbol data
sm3-file-description An sm3 file extension is related to the DataCAD, a 2D CAD software for Windows. An sm3 file stores symbols.

sm4-file-extension
sm4-file-description RHK Technology proprietary file format
sm4-file-description An sm4 file extension is related to the RHK Technology software and used for its proprietary file format.

sma-file-extension
sma-file-description Counter-Strike add-on source code
sma-file-description An sma file extension is related to the AMX Mod for Half Life: Counter Strike. An sma file contains add-on source code.

swd-file-extension
swd-file-description Settlers II map file
swd-file-description An swd file extension is used in the Settlers 2 computer game for map game files. An swd file can be opened in official Settlers 2: Gold map editor.

swdb-file-extension
swdb-file-description ClarisWorks 3 and 4 database
swdb-file-description An swdb file extension is related to the ClarisWorks 3 and 4 database format.

swdoc-file-extension
swdoc-file-description SymWriter document
swdoc-file-description Files with swdoc suffix can be found as special symbolic documents created using the SymWriter word processor.

swe-file-extension
swe-file-description NHL Ice Hockey 2002 required data
swe-file-description An swe file extension is related to the NHL 2002 (NHL 02) video game and used for its game files.

sweb-file-extension
sweb-file-description spiderWEB document file
sweb-file-description The .sweb file extension is related to the spiderWEB and used for its document files.

swf2-file-extension
swf2-file-description Adobe Flash for Mac animated vector format
swf2-file-description An swf2 file extension is commonly used for Shockwave Flash movies in animated vector format, used mainly on Internet web sites.

swfl-file-extension
swfl-file-description ShockWave Flash animated vector format
swfl-file-description An swfl file extension is commonly used for Shockwave Flash movies in animated vector format.

swg-file-extension
swg-file-description SWAG Pascal Snippets (SWAG Reader)
swg-file-description An swg file extension is related to the SWAG Pascal Snippets (SWAG Reader).

swgr-file-extension
swgr-file-description ClarisWorks version 3/4 Drawing file
swgr-file-description Detailed description

swi-file-extension
swi-file-description SWiSH data
swi-file-description An swi file extension is related to the SWiSH and used for its Adobe Flash projects.

swidtag-file-extension
swidtag-file-description Software Identification Tag
swidtag-file-description Files with swidtag file extension can be found as identification tags for some software. These files are XML files that contain data about the software and its assets.

swift-file-extension
swift-file-description Apple Swift programming language source code
swift-file-description A swift file extension is related to the Apple Swift programming language. A swift file stores source code.

swish-e-file-extension
swish-e-file-description SWISH-E file
swish-e-file-description Files with swish-e extension are used by same-named Swish-E program.

switch-file-extension
switch-file-description Egress Switch secured package
switch-file-description Files with switch file extension can be found as securely locked and encrypted packages prepared using Egress Switch.

switchboard-file-extension
switchboard-file-description Adobe SwitchBoard server data
switchboard-file-description A switchboard file extension is associated to some Adobe products. Seems to be obsolete format.

swj-file-extension
swj-file-description SolidWorks journal data
swj-file-description An swj file extension is related to the SolidWorks and used for its journal data.

swk-file-extension
swk-file-description StudyWorks saved data
swk-file-description An swk file extension is related to the StudyWorks programs, such as Mathematics Complete.

swl-file-extension
swl-file-description Macromedia Flash Format [Alternate]
swl-file-description An swl file extension is related to older Macromedia Flash format. Seems to be obsolete.

swlt-file-extension
swlt-file-description SafeWallet data
swlt-file-description An swlt file extension is related to the SafeWallet and used for its passwords database.

swm-file-extension
swm-file-description Windows Imaging Format split archive
swm-file-description Files with swm extension are related to the Windows Imaging Format and used for its split archive files (some kind of disk image file format). Windows Imaging Format is supported by Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008.

swn-file-extension
swn-file-description Vim temporary data
swn-file-description An swn file extension is related to the Vim text editing software. An swn file contains temporary data.

swo-file-extension
swo-file-description Vim temporary data
swo-file-description Files with swo extension seems to be mainly encountered as temporary files from Vim text editing software.

swq-file-extension
swq-file-description SWAT stream water quality input data
swq-file-description An swq file extension is related to the SWAT (Soil & Water Assessment Tool) software. An swq file contains stream water quality input data.

swr-file-extension
swr-file-description SageWorld Anti-Hacker Program file
swr-file-description Files with swr extension are used by the SageWorld Anti-Hacker Program. They contain some various data used for internal purposes.

sws-file-extension
sws-file-description S-PLUS workspace
sws-file-description Files with sws file extension are related to the TIBCO Spotfire S+ Products suite.

swss-file-extension
swss-file-description ClarisWork spreadsheet file
swss-file-description Detailed description

swstd-file-extension
swstd-file-description SolidWorks Design Checker data
swstd-file-description An swstd file extension is related to the SolidWorks Design Checker tool.

swt-file-extension
swt-file-description Adobe (Shockwave) Flash template
swt-file-description Files with swt file extension can be commonly found as templates for Flash animations. Used in Flash programs to quickly generate new content.

swtag-file-extension
swtag-file-description Adobe Creative Suite software tag data
swtag-file-description An swtag file extension is related to the Adobe Creative Suite and used for its software tag files.

swv-file-extension
swv-file-description Yamaha Sweet! voices sound data
swv-file-description A swv file extension is associated with the Yamaha Sweet! voices. A swv file contains sound data.

sww-file-extension
sww-file-description ANNO saved game
sww-file-description Files with sww file extension can be generally found as saved game positions from ANNO strategy game series.

swxcf-file-extension
swxcf-file-description Logic Developer - PLC data
swxcf-file-description Files with swxcf extension can be found as special PLC logic files for CNC machines.

swz-file-extension
swz-file-description Adobe Flash Player signed RSL data
swz-file-description An swz file extension is related to the Adobe Flash Player signed RSL files.

swzk-file-extension
swzk-file-description SWiSH data
swzk-file-description An swzk file extension is related to the SWiSH tool for Windows.

sw_-file-extension
sw_-file-description Unknown file extension
sw_-file-description Files with sw_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sx-file-extension
sx-file-description SimplexNumerica data
sx-file-description An sx file extension is related to the SimplexNumerica, a scientist data analyzing application.

sxa-file-extension
sxa-file-description Gekido game data
sxa-file-description Files with sxa file extension might be found as data files for old Gekido video game.

sxcu-file-extension
sxcu-file-description ShareX custom uploader configuration
sxcu-file-description An sxcu file extension is related to the ShareX, a program for Microsoft Windows, which is used to record screen. An sxcu file stores custom uploader configuration.

sxd-file-extension
sxd-file-description OpenOffice/StarOffice drawing
sxd-file-description An sxd file extension is associated with the OpenOffice.org and StarOffice. An sxd file stores vector drawing.

sxe-file-extension
sxe-file-description ProfiCAD document
sxe-file-description Files with sxe extension can be most notably found as documents from ProfiCAD CAD tools.

sxf-file-extension
sxf-file-description Secure eXchange Format
sxf-file-description Files with sxf file extension might be found as archives in Secure eXchange Format.

sxg-file-extension
sxg-file-description Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org) master document
sxg-file-description Files with sxg file extension can be found as large documents created in earlier versions of OpenOffice.org (Apache OpenOffice).

sxi-file-extension
sxi-file-description OpenOffice.org presentation
sxi-file-description An sxi file extension is related to the OpenOffice.org Impress presentation software. An sxi file contains presentation.

sxl-file-extension
sxl-file-description Sealed Excel worksheet file
sxl-file-description Files with sxl extension are used for SealedMedia software. They include sealed Excel worksheet files.

sxls-file-extension
sxls-file-description Sealed Excel spreadsheet
sxls-file-description An sxls file extension is related to the sealed Microsoft Excel 2007 worksheet files.

sxlsx-file-extension
sxlsx-file-description Sealed Microsoft Excel 2007 worksheet
sxlsx-file-description An sxlsx file extension is related to the sealed Microsoft Excel 2007 worksheet files.

sxm-file-extension
sxm-file-description OpenOffice.org 1.0 math document
sxm-file-description Files with sxm file extension are older math formula files used in OpenOffice.org in previous versions.

sxml-file-extension
sxml-file-description Sealed XML document
sxml-file-description Files with sxml file extension are used for sealed xml documents.

sxp-file-extension
sxp-file-description RedHat Linux configuration
sxp-file-description An sxp file extension is related to the RedHat Linux distribution. An sxp file stores configuration.

sxs-file-extension
sxs-file-description SAS Stat Studio module source code
sxs-file-description An sxs file extension is related to the SAS Stat Studio a statistical programming tool. An sxs file stores module source code.

sxt-file-extension
sxt-file-description Propellerheads Reason 2 NN-XT sound data
sxt-file-description An sxt file extension is associated with a special 16-bits sound format used by Propellerheads.

sxv-file-extension
sxv-file-description Action Repeater macro
sxv-file-description Files with sxv file extension can be found as saved macros from Action Repeater program.

sxx-file-extension
sxx-file-description SAS Stat Studio module executable
sxx-file-description Files with sxx file extension can be found as some kind of module executables from SAS Stat Studio.

sxz-file-extension
sxz-file-description Snarl extension
sxz-file-description An sxz file extension is related to the Snarl, a notification program. An sxz file stores extension.

sy-file-extension
sy-file-description Simplexety data
sy-file-description An sy file extension is related to Simplexety, a scientist calculator for Windows.

sy0-file-extension
sy0-file-description WordExpress data
sy0-file-description An sy0 file extension is related to the WordPress a program form MicroVision Development, Inc. An sy0 file contains data.

sy1-file-extension
sy1-file-description Synth 1 patch
sy1-file-description An sy1 file extension is related to the Synth 1 program and used for its patch files.

sy3-file-extension
sy3-file-description Harvard Graphics symbol data
sy3-file-description An sy3 file extension is related to the Harvard Graphics symbol data format.

sy7-file-extension
sy7-file-description Synchro Studio 7 output data
sy7-file-description Files with extension sy7 are used for the Synchro Studio 7. They are output files used for traffic situations.

syb-file-extension
syb-file-description Syberia II game archive
syb-file-description An syb file extension is related to the Syberia II video game. An syb file contains game data.

syc-file-extension
syc-file-description Sniffer capture data
syc-file-description A .syc file extension is related to the Sniffer developed by McAfee.

sycw-file-extension
sycw-file-description Essential Studio data
sycw-file-description An sycw file extension is related to the Essential Studio, a UI designer. An sycw file stores data.

syd-file-extension
syd-file-description SYSTAT data
syd-file-description A syd file extension is associated with the SYSTAT and used for its data files.

sydb-file-extension
sydb-file-description Syncfusion Essential data
sydb-file-description A sydb file extension is associated with the Syncfusion Essential and used for its data files.

syds-file-extension
syds-file-description Essential Studio data
syds-file-description An syds file extension is related to the Essential Studio, a UI designer. An syds file stores data.

sydw-file-extension
sydw-file-description Essential Studio dashboard data
sydw-file-description An sydw file extension is related to the Essential Studio, a UI editor. An sydw file stores data from dashboard.

sydx-file-extension
sydx-file-description Syncfusion Server base database configuration
sydx-file-description An sydx file extension is related to the Essential Studio, a development environment. An sydx file stores base database configuration.

syg-file-extension
syg-file-description SYSTAT graph
syg-file-description A syg file extension is related to the SYSTAT, a statistical analysis software. A syg file stores graph.

syh-file-extension
syh-file-description Synchomatic instrument file
syh-file-description Files with SYH extension can be found as audio instrument files for Synchomatic software by Jenner Fusari.

syk-file-extension
syk-file-description Microsoft Excel Symbolic Link format
syk-file-description An syk file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor. An syk file contains Microsoft Excel Symbolic Link data.

sylk-file-extension
sylk-file-description Microsoft Excel for Mac Symbolic Link
sylk-file-description An sylk file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel for Mac, a spreadsheet editing software from Microsoft. An sylk file stores Symbolic Link.

sym-file-extension
sym-file-description Symbols library
sym-file-description Files with sym file extension can be typically found as various symbol libraries. Used in many programs.

symlink-file-extension
symlink-file-description Symbolic link
symlink-file-description A symlink file extension is related to Symbolic link files that stores reference to another file or directory.

syn-file-extension
syn-file-description TextPad syntax definition
syn-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe SYN file extension!

sync-file-extension
sync-file-description Apple ColorSync data
sync-file-description A sync file extension is related to the Apple ColorSync, a Mac OS X (macOS) color management app.

syncconflict-file-extension
syncconflict-file-description iTunes synchronization conflict data
syncconflict-file-description Files with syncconflict file extension can be found as some sort of error logs generated by iTunes app on Windows whenever a synchronization error is encountered.

syncdb-file-extension
syncdb-file-description iTunes saved contact database
syncdb-file-description Files with syncdb file extension is mainly related to Apple iTunes multimedia and iOS devices management software for Windows and Mac. A syncdb file stores contacts database from iOS device.

syncdb-journal-file-extension
syncdb-journal-file-description SQLite data
syncdb-journal-file-description A .syncdb-journal file extension is related to SQLite relational database management system.

synciddb-file-extension
synciddb-file-description SQLite data
synciddb-file-description A synciddb file extension is related to the SQLite a relational database management system.

synciddb-journal-file-extension
synciddb-journal-file-description SQLite data
synciddb-journal-file-description A synciddb-journal file extension is related to the SQLite a relational database management system.

syndarticle-file-extension
syndarticle-file-description Paralllels Desktop data
syndarticle-file-description It seems like files with syndarticle file extension can be found as part of Parallels Desktop virtualization software.

synk5licence-file-extension
synk5licence-file-description Synk 5 licence
synk5licence-file-description A synk5licence file extension is related to the Synk 5 and used for license data.

synklicence-file-extension
synklicence-file-description Synk licence
synklicence-file-description Files with synklicence file extension might be found as license files for Synk live file synchronizer.

synu-file-extension
synu-file-description Synthetic Universe image format
synu-file-description Detailed description

synw-proj-file-extension
synw-proj-file-description SynWrite project
synw-proj-file-description Files with synw-proj file extension are used by SynWrite, a source code editor. A synw-proj file contains project.

syp-file-extension
syp-file-description SYP source data
syp-file-description Files with sys file extension might be found as source files in SYP (Simple Yet Powerful Scripting Language).

syr-file-extension
syr-file-description Xilinx XST Synthesis report
syr-file-description A syr file extension is related to the Xilinx XST Synthesis and used for its report files.

sys-cgi-file-extension
sys-cgi-file-description Unknown file extension
sys-cgi-file-description Files with sys-cgi file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

sys-old-file-extension
sys-old-file-description Cygwin terminfo file
sys-old-file-description Detailed description

sysk-file-extension
sysk-file-description Cygwin terminfo file
sysk-file-description Detailed description

sysml-file-extension
sysml-file-description Systems Modeling Language document
sysml-file-description A sysml file extension is associated with the Papyrus, a modeling tool. A sysml file stores document.

systag-file-extension
systag-file-description Google Android data
systag-file-description Files with systag file extension are related to the Google Android data.

system-file-extension
system-file-description macOS (OS X) system data
system-file-description A .system file extension is related to the macOS (OS X) operating system for Apple Mac computers.

systemincludedirectorieslist-file-extension
systemincludedirectorieslist-file-description Java language file
systemincludedirectorieslist-file-description Detailed description

sysvar-file-extension
sysvar-file-description Unknown file extension
sysvar-file-description Files with sysvar file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

syv-file-extension
syv-file-description Outline 4D data
syv-file-description Files with syv file extension can be found as part of Outline 4D software by Write Brothers.

syw-file-extension
syw-file-description Yamaha SY-85/SY-99 wave data
syw-file-description A syw file extension is related to the Yamaha SY-85/SY-99 digital keyboards. A syw file stores audio.

syx-file-extension
syx-file-description Modula M2sds data
syx-file-description Files with syx file extension can be found as one of the data script M2sds files from Modula-2.

sy_-file-extension
sy_-file-description Korg Dw8000 compressed file
sy_-file-description The sy_ extension files were associated with a compressed audio file format used by Korg DW-800 digital-analog synthesizer instrument.

sy%7E-file-extension
sy%7E-file-description CorelDRAW data
sy%7E-file-description An sy~ file extension is related to the CorelDRAW and used for its data files.

sz-file-extension
sz-file-description Winamp skin
sz-file-description An sz file extension is related to the Winamp multimedia playback software. An sz file contains skin.

sz3-file-extension
sz3-file-description ScreamTracker v3 file
sz3-file-description Files with sz3 extension are used by the ScreamTracker program. They include some various data used for internal purposes.

sz4-file-extension
sz4-file-description E-triloquist phrase library
sz4-file-description An sz4 file extension is related to the E-triloquist software and used for its library files.

sza-file-extension
sza-file-description HiCAD neXt construction drawing
sza-file-description Files with sza file extension are in most cases construction files from HiCAD neXt CAD software system.

szdd-file-extension
szdd-file-description Compressed archive
szdd-file-description Files with szdd file extension are compressed archives.

szf-file-extension
szf-file-description SilverDAT II Data Exchange Format
szf-file-description Files with szf file extension are data files in SilverDAT II Data Exchange Format.

szn-file-extension
szn-file-description HiCAD 3D CAD drawing
szn-file-description Files with szn file extension may be typically encountered as 3D CAD models or drawings made in HiCAD software.

szp-file-extension
szp-file-description SecureZIP policy data
szp-file-description Files with szp extension can be found as policy files from PKware's SecureZip platform.

szs-file-extension
szs-file-description Mario Kart Wii game archive
szs-file-description An szs file extension is related to the Mario Kart Wii an action car racing video game for Nintendo Wii. An szs file stores game archive.

szt-file-extension
szt-file-description Super ZZT game creation system data
szt-file-description An szt file extension is associated with the Super ZZT, an obsolete game creation system from Epic MegaGames.

szx-file-extension
szx-file-description ZX Spectrum emulator ZX-state snapshot
szx-file-description An szx file extension is related to the Spectaculator and used for its ZX-state snapshot files.

tao-file-extension
tao-file-description TAO Track at Once CD/DVD image
tao-file-description Files with tao file extension can be most often found as data in TAO Track at Once CD/DVD image file format, which is used mainly for burning purposes.

tar-file-extension
tar-file-description Unix standard Archive format, Tape Archive
tar-file-description Files with tar extension may be most often found as compressed archives in Unix standard archive format.

tar.gz-file-extension
tar.gz-file-description Old version Gzip compressed TAR Archive
tar.gz-file-description Files with tar.gz extension can be found as Gzip compressed TAR archives. Typical on Unix based operating platforms.

tax2018-file-extension
tax2018-file-description TurboTax tax return 2018 file
tax2018-file-description A tax2018 file extension related to the TurboTax, a tax preparation program for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows. A tax2018 file contains tax return data.

tbl-file-extension
tbl-file-description Table data
tbl-file-description Files with tbl file extension can be commonly found as various table files.

tc-file-extension
tc-file-description TrueCrypt disk volume image file

temp-file-extension
temp-file-description Temporary file
temp-file-description Files with temp extension can be generally found as temporary files from various programs and systems.

template-file-extension
template-file-description Template
template-file-description Files with template file extension can be typically found as various document or project templates. Used in several unrelated programs.

text-file-extension
text-file-description Simple text file

tga-file-extension
tga-file-description Truevision TarGA bitmap image

tgz-file-extension
tgz-file-description Gzip compressed TAR archive

theme-file-extension
theme-file-description Windows desktop theme

themepack-file-extension
themepack-file-description Microsoft Windows 7 theme pack
themepack-file-description A themepack file extension is used for desktop customization themes in Windows 7 operating system. Themes can be downloaded from Microsoft library and installed through the Personalization Control panel. Current user's custom desktop themes can also be saved and exported in the THEMEPACK format.

thm-file-extension
thm-file-description Sony Ericsson mobile phone theme

thmx-file-extension
thmx-file-description Microsoft Office theme
thmx-file-description Files with thmx extension are themes for Microsoft Office that can customize the appearance of documents created in the program. Its some sort of universal looking template across all supported Office applications - Excel, Word and PowerPoint.

tib-file-extension
tib-file-description Acronis True Image disk image backup
tib-file-description Files with tib extension can be typically encountered as complete hard disk backups made using Acronis True Image backup software.

tif-file-extension
tif-file-description Aldus Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) bitmap image

tiff-file-extension
tiff-file-description Aldus Tagged Image File Format (TIFF) bitmap image
tiff-file-description Files with tiff extension are bitmap images in the Tagged Image File Format. Usually having the extension TIF, it's one of the more common graphics file types.

tmp-file-extension
tmp-file-description Temporary data

toast-file-extension
toast-file-description Roxio Toast disk image
toast-file-description Files with toast extension are disk images created using the Roxio Toast a CD/DVD media authoring tool.

tod-file-extension
tod-file-description Hard disk camera movie MPEG-2 transport stream

torrent-file-extension
torrent-file-description BitTorrent information
torrent-file-description A torrent file extension is used for various files, which are used to download files through peer-to-peer network protocol called BitTorrent. These .torrent files can be opened in any BitTorrent client, which will then proceed to start the download using the information stored in them (such as hash, tracker etc.).

tp-file-extension
tp-file-description MPEG-2 TV recorded video

tpk-file-extension
tpk-file-description Tizen application package

tpl-file-extension
tpl-file-description Template file

trm-file-extension
trm-file-description Terminal settings

ts-file-extension
ts-file-description MPEG-TV recorded video format

ttc-file-extension
ttc-file-description TrueType Font collection
ttc-file-description Files with ttc suffix are collections of true type fonts in a special format commonly used in Asian version of Microsoft Windows and Mac.

ttf-file-extension
ttf-file-description TrueType font

txt-file-extension
txt-file-description Simple text

t-file-extension
t-file-description roff/troff unformatted manual page
t-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe T file extension!

t%242a-file-extension
t%242a-file-description Timbuktu Pro data
t%242a-file-description A t$2a file extension is related to the Timbuktu Pro and used for its data files.

t%24ab-file-extension
t%24ab-file-description Timbuktu Pro Address Book file
t%24ab-file-description Detailed description

t%24m-file-extension
t%24m-file-description AVG Internet Security temporary data
t%24m-file-description Files with t$m extension can be found as temporary files generated by AVG Antivirus and AVG Internet Security.

t00-file-extension
t00-file-description TaxCut federal data file
t00-file-description A t00 file extension - is a software that was created by TaxCut 2005 as a tax preparation software.

t01-file-extension
t01-file-description TAXWIZ Deluxe tax data
t01-file-description A t01 file extension is related to the TAXWIZ Deluxe tax software. A t01 file contains tax data.

t02-file-extension
t02-file-description TaxCut 2002 tax return data
t02-file-description A t02 file extension is associated with the TaxCut 2002, a tax preparation software for Windows and Mac. A t02 file stores tax return data.

t03-file-extension
t03-file-description TaxCut 2003 tax return file
t03-file-description Files with t03 extension are used by the TaxCut 2003 tax software.

t04-file-extension
t04-file-description TaxCut 2004 tax return file
t04-file-description The t04 file extension is associated with the TaxCut 2004 a tax preparation software for Windows and Mac. The *.t04 stores tax return data.

t05-file-extension
t05-file-description TaxCut 2005 tax return data
t05-file-description A t05 file extension - is a software that was created by TaxCut 2005 as a tax preparation software.

t06-file-extension
t06-file-description TaxCut 2006 tax return
t06-file-description A t06 file extension is related to the TaxCut 2006 a tax preparation software. A t06 file contains tax return data.

t07-file-extension
t07-file-description TaxCut 2007 tax return file
t07-file-description The t07 file extension is associated with the TaxCut 2007 a tax preparation software for Windows and Mac. The *.t07 stores tax return data.

t08-file-extension
t08-file-description TaxCut 2008 tax return data
t08-file-description Files with t08 file suffix are associated with the TaxCut, a tax and accounting program. A t08 file stores tax return data.

t09-file-extension
t09-file-description At Home 2009 tax return data
t09-file-description A t09 file extension is related to the At Home 2009 and used for its tax return files.

t1-file-extension
t1-file-description Male MRI image format
t1-file-description Files with t1 file extension can be found as older images in Male MRI format.

t10-file-extension
t10-file-description At Home 2010 tax return form
t10-file-description Files with t10 file extension are related to At Home accounting program and used for tax forms for year 2010.

t101-file-extension
t101-file-description Unknown file extension
t101-file-description Files with t101 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

t11-file-extension
t11-file-description At Home 2011 tax return data
t11-file-description Files with t11 extension are saved tax returns for year 2011 made in At Home 2011 software. Contains accounting data for tax return preparations.

t12-file-extension
t12-file-description H&R Block At Home 2012 tax return data
t12-file-description Files with t12 file extension can be found as tax return files for the year 2012 prepared using the At Home accounting software.

t13-file-extension
t13-file-description H&R Block 2013 tax return
t13-file-description Files with t13 suffix are tax returns forms for the tax year 2013 prepared using the H&R Block software by HRB Digital.

t14-file-extension
t14-file-description H&R Block 2014 tax return
t14-file-description Files with t14 file extension are tax returns forms for the tax year 2014 prepared using the H&R Block software by HRB Digital.

t15-file-extension
t15-file-description H&R Block 2015 tax return
t15-file-description Files with t15 file extension are tax returns forms for the tax year 2015 prepared using the H&R Block software by HRB Digital.

t16-file-extension
t16-file-description H&R Block 2016 tax return
t16-file-description Files with t16 file extension are tax returns forms for the tax year 2016 prepared using the H&R Block software by HRB Digital.

t17-file-extension
t17-file-description H&R Block 2017 tax return
t17-file-description Files with t17 file extension probably represent tax returns forms for the tax year 2017 prepared using the H&R Block software by HRB Digital.

t18-file-extension
t18-file-description H&R Block 2018 tax return
t18-file-description A t18 file extension represents tax returns forms for the tax year 2018 prepared using the H&R Block software by HRB Digital.

t1c-file-extension
t1c-file-description Adobe Postscript Type1 compressible font
t1c-file-description A t1c file extension is related to the Adobe Postscript Type1 compressible font file format.

t2-file-extension
t2-file-description TrueType font file
t2-file-description Files with t2 extension are used by the TrueType font format.

t2b-file-extension
t2b-file-description CyBook thumbnail image
t2b-file-description A t2b file extension is related to the CyBook a family of e-book readers. A t2b file stores thumbnail image.

t2d-file-extension
t2d-file-description Oracle Technology Transfer Database
t2d-file-description A t2d file extension is related to the Oracle Database and used for its Technology Transfer Database files.

t2k-file-extension
t2k-file-description Teach2000 document
t2k-file-description A t2k file extension is related to the Teach2000 and used for its document files.

t2kt-file-extension
t2kt-file-description Teach2000 exam
t2kt-file-description A t2kt file extension is related to the Teach2000 and used for its exam files.

t2l-file-extension
t2l-file-description True2Life scene
t2l-file-description Files with t2l file extension can be found as scene files from True2Life.

t2s-file-extension
t2s-file-description Tier2 data
t2s-file-description Files with t2s extension can be typically encountered as some kind of data files from Tier2 submitting software for OS X (macOS) and Windows.

t2t-file-extension
t2t-file-description Sonata CAD modeling data
t2t-file-description Files with t2t file extension might also be found as old CAD files made in Sonata program used in 80s and early 90s.

t3-file-extension
t3-file-description TADS 3 game data
t3-file-description A t3 file extension is associated with TADS software - an Interactive Fiction authoring tool.

t3001-file-extension
t3001-file-description TARGET 3001! circuit design project
t3001-file-description A t3001 file extension is related to the TARGET 3001! and used for its circuit design project files.

t31-file-extension
t31-file-description GrEdit data
t31-file-description A t31 file extension is related to the GrEdit and used for its data files.

t32-file-extension
t32-file-description Drive Image 5 data
t32-file-description A t32 file extension is related to the Drive Image program. A t32 file contains data.

t3a-file-extension
t3a-file-description Yamaha DTX900 drum kit
t3a-file-description Files with t3a file extension can be found as some sort of drum kit file for Yamaha DTX900.

t3d-file-extension
t3d-file-description FiFa 2000 environment data
t3d-file-description A t3d file extension is related to the Fifa 2000 video game. A t3d file contains game data.

t3g-file-extension
t3g-file-description Sunpinyin data
t3g-file-description A t3g file extension is related to the Sunpinyin data format.

t3v-file-extension
t3v-file-description TADS 3 saved position data
t3v-file-description A t3v file extension is related to the TADS 3 and used for its saved position data.

t3x-file-extension
t3x-file-description TYPO3 compressed extension
t3x-file-description A t3x file extension is related to the TYPO3 compressed extension file format.

t4-file-extension
t4-file-description TerrAlign alignment configuration data
t4-file-description A t4 file extension is associated with the TerrAlign and used for its alignment configuration files.

t44-file-extension
t44-file-description dBASE IV temporary data
t44-file-description A t44 file extension is related to the dBASE IV, a database management system. A t44 file stores temporary data.

t49-file-extension
t49-file-description HP48/HP49 specific data
t49-file-description A t49 file extension is related to the HP48 and HP49 programmable calculators.

t4g-file-extension
t4g-file-description Tommy Software Cad/Draw data
t4g-file-description A t4g file extension is related to the Tommy Software Cad/Draw software and used for its drawings.

t64-file-extension
t64-file-description Commodore 64 emulator tape
t64-file-description Files with t64 suffix are in most cases emulators tapes saved in Commodore 64 format which is accepted in most emulators.

t65-file-extension
t65-file-description Adobe PageMaker template
t65-file-description A t65 file extension is related to the Adobe Pagemaker and used for its template files.

t6i-file-extension
t6i-file-description Mazak 640-MT Mazatrol program
t6i-file-description A t6i file extension is associated with the Mazak 640-MT Mazatrol program format.

t6m-file-extension
t6m-file-description Matrix Mazatrol program
t6m-file-description A t6m file extension is associated with the MazaCAM, a programming software. A t6m file contains program written in Mazatrol language.

t80-file-extension
t80-file-description TANK - API 650/653 output document
t80-file-description A t80 file extension is related to the TANK - API 650/653 program. A t80 file stores output document.

t81-file-extension
t81-file-description EightyOne ROM image
t81-file-description A t81 file extension is related to the EightyOne emulation software.

t88-file-extension
t88-file-description NEC PC-88 tape image
t88-file-description Files with t88 file extension are related to the NEC PC-88 emulators. A t88 file stores captured tape.

t99-file-extension
t99-file-description Kiplinger tax cut
t99-file-description Files with t99 file extension are old tax return files for year 1999 prepared in H&R Block software.

ta1-file-extension
ta1-file-description TaxACT 2001 tax form
ta1-file-description Files with ta1 file extension are old tax returns for year 2001 saved in the TaxACT accounting software.

ta2-file-extension
ta2-file-description TaxACT document
ta2-file-description A ta2 file extension is related to the TaxACT document file format.

ta4-file-extension
ta4-file-description TaxACT tax return form
ta4-file-description Files with ta4 file extension are commonly used by TaxACT tax return form.

ta5-file-extension
ta5-file-description TaxACT tax return form
ta5-file-description A ta5 file extension is associated with the TaxACT tax return files.

ta6-file-extension
ta6-file-description TaxACT tax year 2006 form
ta6-file-description A ta6 file extension is related to the TaxACT a financial software. A ta6 file stores 2006 tax year form.

ta8-file-extension
ta8-file-description TaxACT tax year 1998 form
ta8-file-description A ta8 file extension is related to the TaxACT and used for its tax year 1998 form files.

ta9-file-extension
ta9-file-description TaxACT tax document
ta9-file-description A ta9 file extension is related to the TaxACT, a tax preparation and accounting software and used for its tax document files.

taac-file-extension
taac-file-description Sun TAAC bitmap image file
taac-file-description Detailed description

taact-file-extension
taact-file-description Unknown file extension
taact-file-description Files with taact file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

taasmt-file-extension
taasmt-file-description thinBasic file
taasmt-file-description Files with taasmt file extension are related to the thniBasic software.

tab-file-extension
tab-file-description MapInfo geometry or atribute data file
tab-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe TAB file extension!

tablecontent-file-extension
tablecontent-file-description SMART Table Toolkit activity data
tablecontent-file-description A tablecontent file extension is related to the SMART Table Toolkit and used for its customized settings (activity) files.

tabletprefs-file-extension
tabletprefs-file-description Wacom data
tabletprefs-file-description A tabletprefs file extension is associated with the Wacom software.

tabletpr%E2%80%8Befs-file-extension
tabletpr%E2%80%8Befs-file-description Unknown file extension
tabletpr%E2%80%8Befs-file-description Files with tabletpr​efs file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tabula-buttons-file-extension
tabula-buttons-file-description Tabula button library
tabula-buttons-file-description Files with tabula-buttons file extension can be found as part of Russian program called Tabula. Button library file type.

tabula-doc-file-extension
tabula-doc-file-description Tabula document file
tabula-doc-file-description Files with tdoc extension are used by Tabula software. They are used as document files.

tabula-docstyle-file-extension
tabula-docstyle-file-description Tabula document settings
tabula-docstyle-file-description Files with tabula-docstyle file extension can be found as document settings files from Tabula program.

tac-file-extension
tac-file-description JSim time activity curve data
tac-file-description A tac file extension is related to the JSim, a Java-based simulation system and used for its time activity curve files.

tacls-file-extension
tacls-file-description Unknown file extension
tacls-file-description Files with tacls file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tacmpt-file-extension
tacmpt-file-description Unknown file extension
tacmpt-file-description Files with tacmpt file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tacont-file-extension
tacont-file-description thinBasic data
tacont-file-description A tacont file extension is related to the thinBasic software. A tacont file contains some kind of data.

tad-file-extension
tad-file-description Total Annihilation demo saved game data
tad-file-description A tad file extension is related to the Total Annihilation real-time strategic computer game. A tad file contains saved player's progress position in the game.

taf-file-extension
taf-file-description ADRIFT text adventure data
taf-file-description A taf file extension is related to the ADRIFT Generator a tool for creating complex fiction games. A taf file stores text adventure.

tag-file-extension
tag-file-description DataFlex query tag name data
tag-file-description Files with tag extension are mostly related to the DataFlex a relational 4G database programming language. A .tag file contains a line delimited list of the fields defined in a table.

tags-file-extension
tags-file-description abcAVI Tag Editor ready tags
tags-file-description A tags file extension is related to the abcAVI Tag Editor ready tags.

taguit-file-extension
taguit-file-description thinBasic debugger file
taguit-file-description The taguit file extension is related to the thinBasic debugger file format.

tah-file-extension
tah-file-description Turbo Assembler help data
tah-file-description A tah file extension is related to the Turbo Assembler from Borland. A tah file contains help document.

tai-file-extension
tai-file-description Nvidia Texture Atlas Creation Tool texture data
tai-file-description A tai file extension is associated with the Nvidia Texture Atlas Creation Tool. A tai file stores texture data.

tajima-file-extension
tajima-file-description Tajima DST file format
tajima-file-description Files with tajima file extension might be found as older embroideries for Tajima sewing machines.

tak-file-extension
tak-file-description TAK lossless compressed audio
tak-file-description Files with tak file extension can be found as audio files compressed using the lossless TAK format.

tal-file-extension
tal-file-description Adobe TypeAlign text illustration
tal-file-description A tal file extension is related to the Adobe TypeAlign and used for its text illustration files.

talf-file-extension
talf-file-description MAC OS X app licence
talf-file-description A talf file extension is related to the some apps for macOS (OS X). A talf file stores app license.

talk-file-extension
talk-file-description Text to speech data
talk-file-description Files with talk file extension might also be found as old text to speech data files. Seems very old format.

tam-file-extension
tam-file-description Tame program settings
tam-file-description Files with tam file extension can be mostly found as some sort of setting from Tame DOS emulator for Windows.

tan-file-extension
tan-file-description Amazon Kindle data
tan-file-description A tan file extension is associated with the Amazon Kindle and used for its bookmark files.

tap-file-extension
tap-file-description ZX Spectrum tape image
tap-file-description Files with tap extension are mainly related to some emulators of ZX Spectrum computers developed by Sinclair Research. A tap file contains image of cassette tape with software.

tape-file-extension
tape-file-description TapeCalc tape
tape-file-description A tape file extension is related to the TapeCalc application for Windows and Palm.

tapesrcmdl-file-extension
tapesrcmdl-file-description Softimage tape source model
tapesrcmdl-file-description A tapesrcmdl file extension is related to the Softimage and used for its tape source model.

tar-gz-file-extension
tar-gz-file-description Gzip compressed TAR archive
tar-gz-file-description A tar-gz file extension is associated with the Gzip compressed TAR Archive format.

tar-lzma-file-extension
tar-lzma-file-description TAR archive
tar-lzma-file-description Detailed description

tar-z-file-extension
tar-z-file-description TAR compressed archive
tar-z-file-description A tar-z file extension is related to the TAR (tape archive) archive file format used on Unix and Unix-based systems.

tar.xz-file-extension
tar.xz-file-description XZ compressed TAR archive
tar.xz-file-description Files with tar.xz suffix are typically found as twice compressed files, which were first compressed by TAR then by XZ compression.

tar.z-file-extension
tar.z-file-description Tar.Z compressed archive
tar.z-file-description A tar.z file extension is related to the Tar.Z compressed archive file format.

taraa-file-extension
taraa-file-description Linux TAR split archive file
taraa-file-description Files with taraa extension are used for the Linux compression utility called TAR.

tarc-file-extension
tarc-file-description TrakaxPC data
tarc-file-description Files with tarc file extension is related to the TrakaxPC video editing software for Windows.

tarct-file-extension
tarct-file-description thinBasic data
tarct-file-description A tartct file extension is related to the thinBasic software, an integrated development environment. A tartct file contains data.

tardist-file-extension
tardist-file-description Tardist compressed archive
tardist-file-description Files with tardist file extension can mainly be found as TAR compressed installation packages for IRIX Unix systems

targa-file-extension
targa-file-description Truevision TarGA bitmap image
targa-file-description A targa file extension is related to Truevision TarGA bitmap image file format. A targa file stores picture image.

targets-file-extension
targets-file-description MSBuild targets file
targets-file-description Files with targets extension are used by MS Build platform for Microsoft Visual Studio. They include some source code data.

tas-file-extension
tas-file-description ADRIFT text adventure saved game
tas-file-description Files with tas file extension are related to the ADRIFT text adventure saved games.

task-file-extension
task-file-description HP Printer Utility task plugin
task-file-description Files with task extension are used for HP Printer Utility. A task file stores task plugin.

tasl-file-extension
tasl-file-description Unknown file extension
tasl-file-description Files with tasl file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tastate-file-extension
tastate-file-description Unknown file extension
tastate-file-description Files with tastate file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tat-file-extension
tat-file-description ESRI geographic text attribute table
tat-file-description Files with tat file suffix are related to the ESRI geographic text attribute table format.

tatxtt-file-extension
tatxtt-file-description thinBasic template
tatxtt-file-description A tatxtt file stores template for thinBasic a programming software for Microsoft Windows.

tauc-file-extension
tauc-file-description Unknown file extension
tauc-file-description Files with tauc file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tav-file-extension
tav-file-description TIGR MultipleExperimentViewer data
tav-file-description A tav file extension is related to the TIGR (The Institute for Genomic Research) MultipleExperimentViewer.

tax-file-extension
tax-file-description TurboTax tax return
tax-file-description Files with tax file extension can commonly be found in various tax preparation software, such as TurboTax, Quicken and more.

tax08-file-extension
tax08-file-description TurboTax 2008 tax return file
tax08-file-description Detailed description

tax09-file-extension
tax09-file-description TurboTax 2009 tax return file
tax09-file-description Detailed description

tax10-file-extension
tax10-file-description TurboTax 2010 tax return
tax10-file-description Files with tax10 file extension are commonly used by TurboTax for Windows and Mac.

tax11-file-extension
tax11-file-description TurboTax 2011 tax return
tax11-file-description A tax11 file extension is related to the TurboTax, an accounting software. A tax11 file stores tax return data for year 2011.

tax12-file-extension
tax12-file-description TurboTax 2012 tax return
tax12-file-description A tax12 file extension is related to the TurboTax 2012 software and used for its tax return files.

tax13-file-extension
tax13-file-description TurboTax tax return
tax13-file-description A tax13 file extension is related to the TurboTax and used for its tax return files.

tax14-file-extension
tax14-file-description TurboTax 2014 tax return
tax14-file-description A tax14 file extension is related to the TurboTax 2014, a tax preparation software. A tax14 files contain tax return data.

tax15-file-extension
tax15-file-description TurboTax tax return 2015
tax15-file-description Files with tax15 file extension are associated with TurboTax a tax preparation application for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows. A tax15 file stores tax return.

tax16-file-extension
tax16-file-description TurboTax tax return 2016
tax16-file-description Files with tax16 file extension are associated with TurboTax a tax preparation application for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows. A tax16 file stores tax return.

tax17-file-extension
tax17-file-description TurboTax tax return 2017
tax17-file-description Files with tax17 file extension are associated with TurboTax a tax preparation application for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows. A tax17 file stores tax return.

tax2008-file-extension
tax2008-file-description TurboTax 2008 tax return
tax2008-file-description A tax2008 file extension is related to the TurboTax a tax preparation software. A tax2008 file contains tax return data.

tax2009-file-extension
tax2009-file-description TurboTax 2009 tax return data
tax2009-file-description Files with tax2009 extension are tax returns for the year 2009 created using the TurboTax tax preparation software.

tax2010-file-extension
tax2010-file-description TurboTax 2010 tax return
tax2010-file-description A tax2010 file extension is used for files that contain tax returns for year 2010 prepared in TurboTax.

tax2011-file-extension
tax2011-file-description TurboTax 2011 tax return
tax2011-file-description Files with the tax2011 file extension can be found as financial tax data for the year 2011 saved in the TurboTax 2011 tax and accounting software for Windows and OS X (macOS).

tax2012-file-extension
tax2012-file-description TurboTax 2012 tax return data
tax2012-file-description Files with tax2012 file extension contain tax returns data saved in TurboTax, a tax preparation software for Microsoft Windows and OS X (macOS).

tax2013-file-extension
tax2013-file-description TurboTax tax return 2013
tax2013-file-description Files with the tax2013 file extension can be found as tax return files for the year 2013 prepared in the TurboTax accounting software.

tax2014-file-extension
tax2014-file-description TurboTax tax return 2014
tax2014-file-description Files with tax2014 extension can be found as tax return files for the year 2014 prepared using the TurboTax accounting software.

tax2015-file-extension
tax2015-file-description TurboTax tax return 2015
tax2015-file-description Files with tax2015 file extension are related to TurboTax a tax preparation application for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows.

tax2016-file-extension
tax2016-file-description TurboTax tax return 2016
tax2016-file-description Files with tax2016 extension are associated with TurboTax a tax preparation application for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows.

tax2017-file-extension
tax2017-file-description TurboTax tax return 2017
tax2017-file-description Files with tax2017 extension are associated with TurboTax a tax preparation application for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows. A tax2017 file stores tax return.

tax2019-file-extension
tax2019-file-description TurboTax 2019 tax return
tax2019-file-description Files with tax2019 file extension are associated with TurboTax a tax preparation application for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows.

tax2020-file-extension
tax2020-file-description TurboTax 2020 tax return
tax2020-file-description Files with tax2020 file extension are associated with TurboTax a tax preparation application for OS X (macOS) and Microsoft Windows.

taxform-file-extension
taxform-file-description QuickBooks draft data
taxform-file-description A taxform file extension is related to the QuickBooks, an accouning software and used for its draft files.

taz-file-extension
taz-file-description TAR compressed archive
taz-file-description Files with taz file extension can be found as compressed archives in TAR format.

ta_-file-extension
ta_-file-description 7-Zip 7z compressed archive
ta_-file-description An ta_ file extension is related to the 7-zip and used for its compressed archives.

tb-file-extension
tb-file-description BBEdit markdown text or source
tb-file-description Files with tb file extension can be found as specially formatted text files for the BBEdit text editor for Mac.

tb0-file-extension
tb0-file-description Adobe Photoshop file browser thumbnail cache
tb0-file-description A tb0 file extension is related to the Adobe Photoshop and used for its thumbnail cache.

tb1-file-extension
tb1-file-description Borland Turbo C font
tb1-file-description A tb1 file extension is related to the Borland Turbo C and used for its font files.

tb2-file-extension
tb2-file-description Borland Turbo C font
tb2-file-description A tb2 file extension is related to the Turbo C development tool. A tb2 file stores font.

tb3-file-extension
tb3-file-description Intel VTune Performance Monitor sampling data
tb3-file-description A tb3 file extension is related to the Intel VTune Performance Monitor. A tb3 file contains sampling data.

tb5-file-extension
tb5-file-description Intel VTune Performance Monitor sampling data
tb5-file-description Files with tb5 file extension are related to the Intel VTune Performance Monitor. A tb5 file stores sampling data.

tba-file-extension
tba-file-description DB/Text database primary textbase definition data
tba-file-description Files with tba file extension might be found as DB/Text database primary textbase definition files.

tbasic-file-extension
tbasic-file-description thinBasic script
tbasic-file-description A tbasic file extension is related to the thinBasic a programming environment. A tbasic file stores script.

tbasicc-file-extension
tbasicc-file-description thinBasic script
tbasicc-file-description A tbasicc file extension is related to the thinBasic script files.

tbasiccx-file-extension
tbasiccx-file-description thinBasic script
tbasiccx-file-description Files with tbasiccx file suffix are used by thinBasic development tool for scripts.

tbasicx-file-extension
tbasicx-file-description thinBasic script
tbasicx-file-description A tbasicx file extension is associated with a thinBasic software and used for its script files.

tbb-file-extension
tbb-file-description Microsoft Office toolbar button
tbb-file-description A tbb file extension is related to the Microsoft Office and used for its toolbar buttons.

tbc-file-extension
tbc-file-description Formula One 2001 Season 01 vehicles data
tbc-file-description A tbc file extension is related to the Formula 1 video game and used for its Season 01 vehicles files.

tbcp-file-extension
tbcp-file-description Toon Boom Studio color palette
tbcp-file-description A tbcp file extension is related to the Toon Boom Studio and used for its color palette files.

tbd-file-extension
tbd-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
tbd-file-description A tbd file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment.

tbe-file-extension
tbe-file-description TMPGEnc list
tbe-file-description A tbe file extension is related to the TMPGEnc and used for its list files.

tbf-file-extension
tbf-file-description Trellian Button Factory file
tbf-file-description Files with tbf extension are used for Trellian Button Factory.

tbg-file-extension
tbg-file-description Infinity Engine game file
tbg-file-description A tbg file extension is related to the Infinity game engine and used for its game data files.

tbh-file-extension
tbh-file-description Turbo Basic help file
tbh-file-description Files with tbh extension are used by the Turbo Basic program as a help files.

tbi-file-extension
tbi-file-description Image for Windows disk image
tbi-file-description Files with tbi extension can be most often found as disk images created using the Image for Windows disk image software by Terabyte.

tbk-file-extension
tbk-file-description ToolBooK project
tbk-file-description Files with tbk extension are commonly related to projects from ToolBook e-learning development solution from SumTotal Systems.

tbkx-file-extension
tbkx-file-description ToolBook XML project
tbkx-file-description Files with tbkx file extension can be usually found as XML variant of standard tbk files from ToolBook e-learning authoring software.

tbm-file-extension
tbm-file-description DB/TextWorks database menu screen
tbm-file-description A tbm file extension is related to the DB/TextWorks database menu screen data.

tbn-file-extension
tbn-file-description XBMC folder thumnail cache
tbn-file-description Files with tbn file extension can be usually encountered as thumbnail cache files from XBMC open source multimedia player.

tbo-file-extension
tbo-file-description Turbo Architecture database
tbo-file-description A tbo file extension is related to the Turbo Architecture software and used for its database files.

tbp-file-extension
tbp-file-description TASBooks accounting data file
tbp-file-description Files with tbp suffix are in most cases accounting data from TASBooks accounting software.

tbpd-file-extension
tbpd-file-description Toon Boom Studio for Mac project directory
tbpd-file-description A tbpd file extension is related to the Toon Boom Studio and used for its project directory files.

tbr-file-extension
tbr-file-description Adobe Photoshop custom toolbar preset
tbr-file-description Files with tbr file suffix are related to the Adobe Photoshop software for Windows and Mac. A tbr file contains custom toolbar preset.

tbs-file-extension
tbs-file-description TuneUp style boot screen
tbs-file-description Files with tbs file extension can be mainly found as custom styled boot screen logos utilized in TuneUp software.

tbt-file-extension
tbt-file-description Timbuktu Pro Remote Control Software file format
tbt-file-description A tbt file extension is related to the Timbuktu Pro Remote Control Software.

tbv-file-extension
tbv-file-description Turbo-BrainVoyager data
tbv-file-description A tbv file extension is related to the Turbo-BrainVoyager data files.

tbw-file-extension
tbw-file-description ModelSim test bench waveform
tbw-file-description A tbw file extension is related to the ModelSim and used for its test bench waveform files.

tbx-file-extension
tbx-file-description SDL Trados Studio glossary data
tbx-file-description Files with tbx file extension can be found as glossary files from Trados translation software.

tbz-file-extension
tbz-file-description bzip2 compressed TAR archive
tbz-file-description A tbz file extension is related to the bzip2 compressed TAR archive format.

tbz2-file-extension
tbz2-file-description BZIP/TAR compressed archive
tbz2-file-description Files with tbz2 file extension are compressed archives that combine both BZIP and TAR compression. Typically found on Linux/Unix systems.

tb_-file-extension
tb_-file-description Unknown file extension
tb_-file-description Files with tb_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tc1-file-extension
tc1-file-description Harmonic Location Constants data
tc1-file-description Files with tc1 file extension can be found as data files that contain Harmonic Location Constants data.

tc2-file-extension
tc2-file-description TurboCAD 2D drawing
tc2-file-description A tc2 file extension is related to the TurboCAD and used for its 2D drawing files.

tc3-file-extension
tc3-file-description TurboCAD 2D/3D Mac drawing file
tc3-file-description Files with tc3 extension are used for the TurboCAD application. They include many graphic architectural objects.

tc6-file-extension
tc6-file-description Calc602 spreadsheet
tc6-file-description Files with tc6 extension might be found as older spreadsheets from Calc602 program.

tca-file-extension
tca-file-description The Complete Animator animation file
tca-file-description Files with tca extension are used by The Complete Animator software. They include some graphics data.

tcax-file-extension
tcax-file-description TestComplete events project
tcax-file-description A tcax file extension is related to the TestComplete events project data format.

tcb-file-extension
tcb-file-description Tokyo Cabinet TBZIP archive
tcb-file-description A tcb file extension is related to the Tokyo Cabinet TBZIP files used to store some kind of data for Tokyo Cabinet software.

tcc-file-extension
tcc-file-description Turbo C / Gcc include std data
tcc-file-description A tcc file extension is related to the Turbo C environment and used for its include std files.

tccfgextender-file-extension
tccfgextender-file-description Unknown file extension
tccfgextender-file-description Files with tccfgextender file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tcd-file-extension
tcd-file-description TurboCAD for DOS data
tcd-file-description Files with tcd file extension can be usually found as CAD designs made and saved using the TurboCAD computer-aided design program.

tcdb-file-extension
tcdb-file-description CFEngine database
tcdb-file-description Files with tcdb file extension are related to the CFEngine database format.

tce-file-extension
tce-file-description TLE File Format
tce-file-description Files with tce file extension can be typically found as some kind of ASCII files in a special TLE File Format used by USSTRATCOM.

tceltx-file-extension
tceltx-file-description Celtx template
tceltx-file-description A tceltx file extension is related to the Celtx template files.

tcf-file-extension
tcf-file-description Clarion topspeed transaction control data
tcf-file-description A tcf file extension is related to the Clarion development environment. A tcf file stores topspeed transaction control data.

tcgb-file-extension
tcgb-file-description The Complete Genealogy Builder data
tcgb-file-description A tcgb file extension is related to The Complete Genealogy Builder software for Windows.

tch-file-extension
tch-file-description Borland C++ help document
tch-file-description Files with tch file suffix are related to the Borland C++ development environment. A tch file contains help document.

tci-file-extension
tci-file-description MityDSP-L138 / MityDSP-6748 memory modules cache
tci-file-description A tci file extension is associated with the MityDSP-L138 / MityDSP-6748 memory modules.

tcip-file-extension
tcip-file-description Unknown file extension
tcip-file-description Files with tcip file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tck-file-extension
tck-file-description BMIScan compressed archive
tck-file-description A tck file extension is related to the BMIScan compressed archive format. A tck file contains TIFF images with COLD text data.

tckdt-file-extension
tckdt-file-description Keyword test data
tckdt-file-description A tckdt file extension is related to the keyword test data. No further information could be found.

tckdtest-file-extension
tckdtest-file-description Unknown file extension
tckdtest-file-description Files with tckdtest file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tcl-file-extension
tcl-file-description TCL script source code
tcl-file-description Files with tcl extension can be mostly encountered as scripts written and saved in TCL (Tool Command Language) format.

tclog-file-extension
tclog-file-description TestComplete log
tclog-file-description A tclog file extension is related to the TestComplete and used for its log files.

tclogs-file-extension
tclogs-file-description Unknown file extension
tclogs-file-description Files with tclogs file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tcls-file-extension
tcls-file-description Unknown file extension
tcls-file-description Files with tcls file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tcl%7E-file-extension
tcl%7E-file-description Tcl/tk data
tcl%7E-file-description A tcl~ file extension is related to the Tcl/tk data format.

tcm-file-extension
tcm-file-description INMOS Transputer Development System Occam comment text
tcm-file-description A tcm file extension is related to the INMOS Transputer Development System Occam comment text.

tcmts-file-extension
tcmts-file-description Unknown file extension
tcmts-file-description Files with tcmts file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tcn-file-extension
tcn-file-description Platte Canyon ToolBox data
tcn-file-description Files with tcn file extension can be found as part of ToolBox program from Platte Canyon.

tco-file-extension
tco-file-description T9000 object module
tco-file-description Files with tco suffix can be found as old modules in T9000 object format. Seems to be obsolete format.

tcookieid-file-extension
tcookieid-file-description Google Android tracking cookie
tcookieid-file-description Files with tcookieid extension can be found as tracking cookies for Google Android operating system.

tcp-file-extension
tcp-file-description Autodesk template control data pointer file
tcp-file-description Files with tcp file extension can be mainly found as special template control data pointer files from AutoCAD Civil engineering design and documentation software.

tcp2-file-extension
tcp2-file-description TCP/Connect II data
tcp2-file-description A tcp2 file extension is related to the TCP/Connect II an internet suite.

tcr-file-extension
tcr-file-description TCR eBook file
tcr-file-description Files with tcr extension are used as an ebook file format. They include books.

tcs-file-extension
tcs-file-description TreeComp snapshot data
tcs-file-description Files with tcs file extension can be found as snapshots created using the TreeComp utility.

tcsh-file-extension
tcsh-file-description Unix shell script
tcsh-file-description A tcsh file extension is related to Unix operating systems and used for shell script files.

tct-file-extension
tct-file-description TurboCAD template
tct-file-description A tct file extension is related to the TurboCAD, a CAD software. A tct file contains template.

tcu-file-extension
tcu-file-description TCU calibration data
tcu-file-description A tcu file extension is related to the TCU calibration data format.

tcvis-file-extension
tcvis-file-description Unknown file extension
tcvis-file-description Files with tcvis file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tcw-file-extension
tcw-file-description TurboCAD for Windows drawing
tcw-file-description Files with tcw extension can be mainly found as CAD drawings created and saved using the TurboCAD for Windows program.

tcx-file-extension
tcx-file-description Garmin Training Center XML database
tcx-file-description Files with tcx extension can be mostly found as special XML based databases used by Garmin Training Center.

tcz-file-extension
tcz-file-description PSTextMerge script
tcz-file-description Files with tcz file extension are scripts for PSTextMerge program. Used to merge list of data.

tczl-file-extension
tczl-file-description Tiny Core Linux Xlib file
tczl-file-description Files with tczl extension are used by the Tiny Core Linux software.

td-file-extension
td-file-description Turbo Debugger for DOS configuration data
td-file-description A td file extension is related to the Borland Turbo Debugger a program debugging software. A td file stores configuration data.

td0-file-extension
td0-file-description Teledisk disk image
td0-file-description A td0 file extension is related to the Teledisk archiving tool. A td01 file stores disk image.

td2-file-extension
td2-file-description Turbo Debugger for Win32 configuration
td2-file-description A td2 file extension is related to the Turbo Debugger and used for its configuration data.

td4-file-extension
td4-file-description RollerCoaster Tycoon track design file
td4-file-description Files with td4 extension are used by the RollerCoaster Tycoon simulation computer game.

td5-file-extension
td5-file-description Panasonic KTS file
td5-file-description Files with td5 extension are used for Panasonic KTS. They include various data for internal purposes.

td6-file-extension
td6-file-description RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 game data
td6-file-description A td6 file extension is associated with the RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 files.

td%3F-file-extension
td%3F-file-description TeleDisk archive file
td%3F-file-description Files with td? extension are used by the Teledisk tool used on MS-DOS.

tda-file-extension
tda-file-description Palm To Do data
tda-file-description Files with tda file extension might be found as Todo databases from some old app for Palm handheld devices.

tda3mt-file-extension
tda3mt-file-description DivX author template file
tda3mt-file-description Files with tda3mt extension are known as template files for DivX Author program. They contain video menu information to personalize it for the user.

tda4-file-extension
tda4-file-description TMPGEnc data
tda4-file-description A tda4 file extension is related to the TMPGEnc, an MPEG encoder for Microsoft Windows.

tdat-file-extension
tdat-file-description CodeWarrior for Mac data
tdat-file-description A tdat file extension is related to the CodeWarrior development tool. A tdat file contains data.

tdb-file-extension
tdb-file-description SlamDB database
tdb-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe TDB file extension!

tdc-file-extension
tdc-file-description ALLCapture project
tdc-file-description Files with tdc extension may be found as projects saved using the ALLCapture screen recording software.

tddd-file-extension
tddd-file-description Imagine object file format
tddd-file-description Files with tddd file extension can be found 3D graphics files for astronomy software from Imagine.

tde-file-extension
tde-file-description Tableau data
tde-file-description A tde file extension is related to the Tableau Desktop program. A tde file contains data.

tdf-file-extension
tdf-file-description Total Annihilation features data
tdf-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe TDF file extension!

tdg-file-extension
tdg-file-description Tree Diagram Generator document
tdg-file-description A tdg file extension is related to the Tree Diagram Generator and used for tree diagram files.

tdh-file-extension
tdh-file-description Turbo Debugger help data
tdh-file-description A tdh file extension is related to the Turbo Debugger and used for its help files.

tdi-file-extension
tdi-file-description Explore (TDI) & Maya image file (IFF format)
tdi-file-description A tdi file extension is related to the Explore (TDI) & Maya image file (IFF format) format.

tdim-file-extension
tdim-file-description Digital F/X image format
tdim-file-description Detailed description

tdk-file-extension
tdk-file-description Borland Turbo Debugger keystroke recording data
tdk-file-description A tdk file extension is associated with the Borland Turbo Debugger and used for its keystroke recording data.

tdl-file-extension
tdl-file-description Tab Delineated file format
tdl-file-description Files with tdl extension can be most often found as data files saved in Tab Delineated file format.

tdlex-file-extension
tdlex-file-description Unknown file extension
tdlex-file-description Files with tdlex file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tdlog-file-extension
tdlog-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
tdlog-file-description A tdlog file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its data files.

tdm-file-extension
tdm-file-description LabVIEW binary measurement data
tdm-file-description A tdm file extension is related to the LabView, an engineering program. A tdm file contains binary measurement data.

tdmb-file-extension
tdmb-file-description Trimble Outdoors Navigator map bundle
tdmb-file-description A tdmb file extension is related to the Trimble Outdoors Navigator and used for its map bundle files.

tdms-file-extension
tdms-file-description LabVIEW TDMS data
tdms-file-description A tdms file extension is related to the LabVIEW, a graphical programming platform. A tdms file contains data.

tdms_index-file-extension
tdms_index-file-description LabVIEW data
tdms_index-file-description A tdms_index file extension is related to the LabVIEW, a graphical programming platform. A tdms_index file stores data.

tdo-file-extension
tdo-file-description Xilinx text design output data
tdo-file-description A tdo file extension is related to applications developed by Xilinx. A tdo file stores text design output data.

tdoc-file-extension
tdoc-file-description Tabula document file
tdoc-file-description Files with tdoc extension are used by the Tabula program.

tdp-file-extension
tdp-file-description Sherif DrawPlus thumbnail
tdp-file-description Files with tdp file extension can be usually found as thumbnails for from Sherif DrawPlus pictures.

tdr-file-extension
tdr-file-description ArVid tape backup
tdr-file-description A tdr file extension is related to the ArVid (Archiver on Video) a VHS tape backup solution. A tdr file stores tape backup.

tds-file-extension
tds-file-description Borland Turbo Debugger symbol table
tds-file-description Files with tds extension are related to the Borland Turbo Debugger and used for its symbol table files.

tdsp-file-extension
tdsp-file-description Microsoft Windows Media Player data
tdsp-file-description A tdsp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Media Player application.

tdt-file-extension
tdt-file-description THOR data tree
tdt-file-description A tdt file extension is related to the THOR and used for its data tree files.

tdt2-file-extension
tdt2-file-description Panasonic HD video camera movie file
tdt2-file-description Files with tdt2 extension are created by the Panasonic HD cameras and thay can be played by Panasonic HD Writer program.

tdu-file-extension
tdu-file-description The Suffering: Ties That Bind game data
tdu-file-description A tdu file extension is related to the The Suffering: Ties That Bind video game. A tdu file stores some kind of game data.

tdump-file-extension
tdump-file-description JIRA thread dump
tdump-file-description A tdump file extension is related to the JIRA, a project and issue tracking service. A tdump file contains thread dump.

tdv-file-extension
tdv-file-description DIAdem VIEW module setup information
tdv-file-description Files with tdv file extension can be found as setup information files for DIAdem View program.

tdw-file-extension
tdw-file-description Borland Turbo Debugger for Windows configuration
tdw-file-description A tdw file extension is related to the Borland Turbo Debugger for Windows. A tdw file contains configuration data.

tdx-file-extension
tdx-file-description Visual FoxPro offline view
tdx-file-description A tdx file extension is related to Visual FoxPro relational database engine. A tdx file stores offline view.

tdy-file-extension
tdy-file-description TODAY BuildProfessional application data
tdy-file-description A tdy file extension is related to the TODAY BuildProfessional application data format.

tdz-file-extension
tdz-file-description Drobo firmware update file
tdz-file-description The .tdz files are used by the Drobo Dashboard program as a various data file which contain software upgrades.

te-file-extension
te-file-description Textease CT database
te-file-description A te file extension is related to the Textease, an education software. A te file stores database.

te1-file-extension
te1-file-description UltraEdit template
te1-file-description Files with te1 file extension are related to the UltraEdit text editor. A te1 file contains template.

te2-file-extension
te2-file-description Conquest of the New World data
te2-file-description A te2 file extension is related to the Conquest of the New World video game. A te2 file stores game data.

te3-file-extension
te3-file-description Wintrack object
te3-file-description A te3 file extension is related to the Wintrack a railroad design software for Microsoft Windows.

tea-file-extension
tea-file-description Tea source or script file
tea-file-description Files with tea suffix may be found as source codes or scripts written and saved in the Tiny Embedded Application programming language (TEA).

teacher-file-extension
teacher-file-description Senteo teacher database
teacher-file-description Files with teacher file extension is associated with Senteo teacher database format used by SMART Notebook software.

teb-file-extension
teb-file-description TEAC firmware update
teb-file-description A teb file extension is related to the TEAC firmware update files.

tebr-file-extension
tebr-file-description Tiny eBook Reader file
tebr-file-description The tebr file extension is related to the Tiny eBook Reader software.

tec-file-extension
tec-file-description Tecplot ASCII data
tec-file-description Files with tec extension can mainly be found as ASCII Data files used by Tecplot software like Tecplot 360.

ted-file-extension
ted-file-description Tribes 2 game file
ted-file-description The ted extension files are used by Tribes 2 computer game as a game data file.

tee-file-extension
tee-file-description TeeChart Office graphics data
tee-file-description Files with tee file extension are graphics file created using TeeChart products from Steema.

tef-file-extension
tef-file-description TablEdit tablature
tef-file-description Files with tef file extension can be found as music tablatures prepared using TablEdit software.

tei-file-extension
tei-file-description TrackEye image sequence
tei-file-description A tei file extension is related to the TrackEye app and used for its sequence files.

tek-file-extension
tek-file-description ASITIC technology data
tek-file-description Files with tek file extension can be found as technology files from ASITIC software.

tel-file-extension
tel-file-description Telnet Host configuration data
tel-file-description Files with tel file extension can be found as telnet files. Terminal connection related file.

tem-file-extension
tem-file-description Badge Designer 2000 data
tem-file-description A tem file extension is related to the Badge Designer 2000, a designing solution for Windows.

templeofjewelssavedgame-file-extension
templeofjewelssavedgame-file-description Temple of Jewels saved game
templeofjewelssavedgame-file-description The templeofjewelssavedgame file extension is related to the Temple of Jewels saved game files.

temporaryitems-file-extension
temporaryitems-file-description Mac OS X temporary data
temporaryitems-file-description A temporaryitems file extension is associated with the Mac OS X operating system for Apple Mac desktops and laptops. A temporaryitems file contains various temporary data.

temp_audio-file-extension
temp_audio-file-description Android temporary audio file
temp_audio-file-description Files with temp_audio extension are temporary files that contain audio file, usually recording or cached video. Common on older Samsung devices.

temp_video-file-extension
temp_video-file-description Android temporary video file
temp_video-file-description Files with temp_video extension are temporary files that contain video file, usually recording or cached video. Common on older Samsung devices.

temx-file-extension
temx-file-description Cemetery Registry database
temx-file-description Files with temx extension are databases from the ECCLESIA SOFT Cemetery Registry.

ten-file-extension
ten-file-description TeeChart for .NET chart control template
ten-file-description A ten file extension is related to the TeeChart for .NET component. A .ten file stores chart control template.

tentalismanssavedgame-file-extension
tentalismanssavedgame-file-description 10 Talismans saved game
tentalismanssavedgame-file-description The tentalismanssavedgame file extension is related to the 10 Talismans saved game files.

tep-file-extension
tep-file-description TopiaryExplorer project
tep-file-description A .tep file extension is associated with the TopiaryExplorer and used for its project files.

teq-file-extension
teq-file-description Saia S-Web-Editor PCD data
teq-file-description A teq file extension is related to the Saia S-Web-Editor and used for its PCD files.

ter-file-extension
ter-file-description TerraGen landscape
ter-file-description Files with ter file extension might be found as landscape data files from TerraGen scenery generator.

term-file-extension
term-file-description Apple Terminal data
term-file-description A term file extension is related to the Terminal and used for its data files.

terminal-file-extension
terminal-file-description Apple Mac Terminal settings
terminal-file-description Files with terminal file extension are used by the Apple Terminal command line application. A terminal file contains settings.

terms-file-extension
terms-file-description Cygwin demo
terms-file-description A terms file extension is related to the Cygwin and used for its demo files.

terrain-file-extension
terrain-file-description TerraGen terrain graphic data
terrain-file-description A .terrain file extension is related to the TerraGen and used for its graphic data.

terrn-file-extension
terrn-file-description Rigs of Rods terrain data
terrn-file-description A terrn file extension is related to the Rigs of Rods simulator. A terrn file stores terrain data.

terrn2-file-extension
terrn2-file-description Rigs of Rods terrain data
terrn2-file-description A terrn2 file extension is related to the Rigs of Rods and used for its terrain files.

tes-file-extension
tes-file-description TECO macro file
tes-file-description Files with tes extension are used for the Tape Editor and COrrector. They contain macro files created in the TECO editor.

tes5pas-file-extension
tes5pas-file-description xEdit TES5Edit script
tes5pas-file-description A tes5pas file extension is related to the xEdit software. A tes5pas file stores script.

test-file-extension
test-file-description Testing information
test-file-description A test file extension is mostly used just for various testing files.

testrunconfig-file-extension
testrunconfig-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio test run configuration file
testrunconfig-file-description Files with testrunconfig extension are used by the Microsoft Visual Studio program as one of the settings file formats.

testsettings-file-extension
testsettings-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio test settings
testsettings-file-description A testsettings file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio. A testsettings file contains test settings.

tet-file-extension
tet-file-description Tetris results
tet-file-description A tet file extension is related to the Tetris video game. A tet file contains results.

tew-file-extension
tew-file-description Wrestling Spirit game data
tew-file-description A tew file extension is related to the Wrestling Spirit computer game. A tew file stores some kind of game data.

tex-file-extension
tex-file-description TeX/LaTeX text document
tex-file-description Files with tex file extension can be mainly found as special documents prepared using the TeX/LaTeX document preparation software.

tex0-file-extension
tex0-file-description Nintendo Wii texture file
tex0-file-description Detailed description

texi-file-extension
texi-file-description TEXinfo file format
texi-file-description A texi file extension is associated with the TEXinfo, a documentation format developed by GNU.

texinfo-file-extension
texinfo-file-description Texinfo source data
texinfo-file-description Files with texinfo file extension are used by the same-named program Texinfo. A texinfo file stores source data.

textclipping-file-extension
textclipping-file-description Mac Text clipping file (after Mac OS 9)
textclipping-file-description Files with .textclipping file extension can be usually found as Mac OS X (macOS) platform a special text files generated by Finder app. Default clipping text format

texter-file-extension
texter-file-description Texter snippet data
texter-file-description Files with texter file extension may be mostly found as older text snippets made using he Texter utility.

textexpander-file-extension
textexpander-file-description TextExpander phrases
textexpander-file-description Files with textexpander file extension may be found as lists of saved phrases (snippets) for TextExpander tool.

textexpandersettings-file-extension
textexpandersettings-file-description TextExpander settings
textexpandersettings-file-description Files with textexpandersettings file suffix are related to the TextExpander software. A textexpandersettings file contains saved snippets.

textile-file-extension
textile-file-description Eclipse IDE WikiText document
textile-file-description Files with textile file extension can be usually encountered as special documents prepared using the Eclipse applications development environment.

textmate_init-file-extension
textmate_init-file-description Unix Shell Script (bash) data
textmate_init-file-description A textmate_init file extension is related to the Bash a Unix command line processor.

texts-file-extension
texts-file-description Ribbons texts data
texts-file-description A texts file extension is related to the Ribbons and used for its text files.

texture-file-extension
texture-file-description Texture file
texture-file-description Files with texture extension are commonly used by various video games and 3D modelling applications for texture (pattern) files.

texturepack-file-extension
texturepack-file-description Arena Wars texture pack
texturepack-file-description A texturepack file extension is related to the Arena Wars and used for its texture archives.

textutils-file-extension
textutils-file-description Gnome Desktop file
textutils-file-description Detailed description

tf-file-extension
tf-file-description Turbo Profiler configuration
tf-file-description A tf file extension is related to the Turbo Profiler, a debugger for MS-DOS executables. A tf file contains configuration data.

tf2-file-extension
tf2-file-description Team Fortress 2 data
tf2-file-description Files with tf2 file extension can be found as game data files from Team Fortress 2 computer game.

tfa-file-extension
tfa-file-description Turbo Profiler area data
tfa-file-description A tfa file extension is related to the Turbo Profiler a software from Borland. A tfa file contains area data.

tfc-file-extension
tfc-file-description Unreal engine 3 texture cache
tfc-file-description A tfc file extension is associated with Unreal 3 video game engine used by various computer games. A tfc file contains cache of actual used textures for 3D objects.

tfd-file-extension
tfd-file-description Tape format requirements document
tfd-file-description Files with tfd extension might be found as files that represent a TFRD tape format that can be read by NITFS programs.

tfe-file-extension
tfe-file-description TFM Music Maker music
tfe-file-description Files with tfe file extension are related to the TFM Music Maker music format.

tff-file-extension
tff-file-description IDOLON tagged file format
tff-file-description A tff file extension is related to the IDOLON and used for its specific tagged file format (TFF).

tfh-file-extension
tfh-file-description Turbo Profiler help data
tfh-file-description A tfh file extension is related to the Turbo Profiler and used for its help data.

tfil-file-extension
tfil-file-description Battle.net patching data
tfil-file-description Files with tfil file extension are patches for games from Blizzard, that use the Battle.Net client to connect and play the game. Used for example in World of Warcraft, DIablo 3 etc.

tfl-file-extension
tfl-file-description Tific Client data
tfl-file-description Files with tfl file extension can be usually found as part of Tific Client application. Some kind of data files.

tfm-file-extension
tfm-file-description Tagged Font Metric data
tfm-file-description A tfm file extension is related to the LaTeX and used for its tagged font metric file format.

tfmx-file-extension
tfmx-file-description Final Musicsystem eXtended Amiga  audio file
tfmx-file-description The .tfmx file extension is related to the Final Musicsystem eXtended Amiga  audio file format.

tfp-file-extension
tfp-file-description ProWORX Nxt full page data file
tfp-file-description The tfp extension files are used by ProWORX software. They are used for internal purposes of the program.

tfr-file-extension
tfr-file-description Star Wars Tie Fighter game pilot data
tfr-file-description A trf file extension is related to the Tie Fighter computer game from LucasArts. A trf file contains game pilot data.

tfrd-file-extension
tfrd-file-description Tape image format requirements document
tfrd-file-description Files with trfd extension are used by RemoteView software. They contain some maps.

tfs-file-extension
tfs-file-description Turbo Profiler statistical information data
tfs-file-description A tfs file extension is related to the Turbo Profiler (Turbo Debugger) software. A tfs file stores statistical information.

tft-file-extension
tft-file-description Text Formatter Plus text file information
tft-file-description Files with tft extension are special text files saved in the information file format from Text Formatter Plus.

tfu-file-extension
tfu-file-description Torpedo Live firmware update
tfu-file-description Files with tfu file extension can be typically encountered as firmware updates for Torpedo Live professional loadbox for digital mixing.

tfw-file-extension
tfw-file-description ArcView world data
tfw-file-description Files with tfw file extension can be found as GIS world files from ESRI ArcView. A tfw files are stored in simple text format and saved as separate file along *.tif image.

tfwx-file-extension
tfwx-file-description ArcGIS approximate affine transformation data
tfwx-file-description Files with tfwx file extension can be mostly found as part of ArcGIS GIS software and used for some kind of support file.

tfx-file-extension
tfx-file-description Tax exchange file format
tfx-file-description Files with tfx suffix can be found as data files saved in Tax Exchange Format. Used in accounting programs.

tg-file-extension
tg-file-description Gzip compressed tar archive
tg-file-description Files with tg suffix are often compressed archives that were double packed with TAR and GZIP. Common on Unix.

tg1-file-extension
tg1-file-description On Target project
tg1-file-description Files with tg1 file extension can be found as projects from On Target program.

tg4-file-extension
tg4-file-description TG4 image format
tg4-file-description Files with tg4 file extension are images in Bentley's proprietary Type 24 format. Used in several programs from Bentley.

tgb-file-extension
tgb-file-description IPSec VPN Client VPN configuration
tgb-file-description A tgb file extension is related to IPSec VPN Client. A tgb file stores configuration for connection to Virtual Private Network.

tgc-file-extension
tgc-file-description Terragen node clip
tgc-file-description Files with tgc suffix are almost always node clips generated in the Terragen environment animation software.

tgd-file-extension
tgd-file-description Terragen world file
tgd-file-description Files with tgd suffix can be found as projects made and saved using Terragen 3D landscape rendering tool.

tgf-file-extension
tgf-file-description Stonevoice Translator tag
tgf-file-description A tgf file extension is related to Stonevoice Translator localization tool. A tgf file stores tags.

tgh-file-extension
tgh-file-description Guitar Hero 3 tier settings
tgh-file-description A tgh file extension is associated with the Guitar Hero 3, a video game. A tgh file contains tier settings.

tgi-file-extension
tgi-file-description SimCity 4 game data
tgi-file-description Files with tgi file extension might be found as part of SimCity 4 city building game. A tgi file stores index.

tgl-file-extension
tgl-file-description SkyMap Pro target list
tgl-file-description Files with tgl file extension are lists for SkyMap Pro software. A tgl file contains target list.

tgmd-file-extension
tgmd-file-description ThumbGen movie metadata
tgmd-file-description A tgmd file extension is related to ThumbGen tool used to manage movie databases. A .tgmd file stores metadata about movies.

tgmg-file-extension
tgmg-file-description TabGroups Manager for Firefox exported group
tgmg-file-description A tgmg file extension is related to the TabGroups Manager for Firefox browser. Probably obsolete.

tgml-file-extension
tgml-file-description Tecumseh Group Markup Language source code
tgml-file-description Files with tgml file extension are related to the Tecumseh Group Markup Language source codes.

tgo-file-extension
tgo-file-description Terragen 2 object
tgo-file-description A tgo file extension is related to the Terragen 2, a 3D modeling tool and used for its object files.

tgp-file-extension
tgp-file-description TGPGuiLib Terragen plugin
tgp-file-description A tgp file extension is related with the TGPGuiLib (Terragen Plugin Graphical User Interface Library).

tgproj-file-extension
tgproj-file-description RAD Studio design project
tgproj-file-description A tgproj file extension is related to the Embarcadero RAD Studio. A tgproj file contains design project.

tgq-file-extension
tgq-file-description Dungeon Keeper 2 movie game
tgq-file-description Files with tgq file suffix is related to the Dungeon Keeper 2 movie game format.

tgr-file-extension
tgr-file-description Tiger Line data
tgr-file-description Files with tgr file extension might be found as older Tiger Line files. Some sort of GIS format.

tgs-file-extension
tgs-file-description GSTree phylogenetic tree information data
tgs-file-description Files with tgs extension are related to the GSTree phylogenetic tree information data format.

tgt-file-extension
tgt-file-description Corel custom data
tgt-file-description A tgt file extension is related to some versions of CorelDraw graphics suite. A tgt file stores some kind of data used by CorelDraw.

tgv-file-extension
tgv-file-description Electronic Arts video data
tgv-file-description A tgv file extension is related to some computer games developed by Electronic Arts, like Need for Speed. A tgv file stores video data.

tgw-file-extension
tgw-file-description TerraGen world data
tgw-file-description Files with tgw file extension can be found as world files from TerraGen.

tgworld-file-extension
tgworld-file-description TerraGen world file
tgworld-file-description Detailed description

tgx-file-extension
tgx-file-description Stronghold animated data
tgx-file-description Files with tgx suffix can be typically encountered as data files from the Stronghold real-time strategic computer game.

th-file-extension
th-file-description Javasoft Jre 1.3 library
th-file-description A th file extension is related to the Java Runtime Environment library.

tha-file-extension
tha-file-description Microsoft Windows Shell Common DLL file
tha-file-description Files with tha extension are used for Microsoft Windows operating system.

thb-file-extension
thb-file-description KinuPix skin
thb-file-description A thb file extension is associated with the KinuPix and used for its skin files.

thd-file-extension
thd-file-description Dolby TrueHD audio data
thd-file-description Files with thd extension can commonly be found as audio files in Dolby TrueHD multi-channel lossless audio codec.

the-file-extension
the-file-description Microsoft Plus! Pack desktop theme
the-file-description A .the file extension is related to the Microsoft Plus!, a pack of enhancements for Windows 95. A .the file contains theme.

theater-file-extension
theater-file-description iMovie theater library
theater-file-description A theater file extension is related to the iMovie video editing software and used for its theater library files.

thegameoflifesavedgame-file-extension
thegameoflifesavedgame-file-description The Game of Life saved game
thegameoflifesavedgame-file-description The thegameoflifesavedgame file extension is related to the The Game of Life saved game files.

them-file-extension
them-file-description Microsoft Windows desktop theme
them-file-description A them file extension is related the Microsoft Windows operating system. A them file stores theme pack.

thewitchersave-file-extension
thewitchersave-file-description The Witcher saved game
thewitchersave-file-description A thwitchersave file contains save game positions from The Witcher computer RPG game.

theworldisyours-file-extension
theworldisyours-file-description Samas/SamSam ransomware affected file
theworldisyours-file-description Files with theworldisyours suffix are encrypted files that had their suffix renamed by the one of the variant of Samas/SamSam ransomware.

thf-file-extension
thf-file-description pcAnywhere thin host file
thf-file-description Files with thf extension are used for pcAnywhere remote control program. They contain various data files.

thing-file-extension
thing-file-description MakerBot Desktop thing file
thing-file-description Files with thing extension  are commonly used by MakerBot Desktop software. Contains STL designs for the purposes of 3D printing.

thl-file-extension
thl-file-description PowerProducer background image icon
thl-file-description A thl file extension is related to the PowerProducer background image icon format.

thmb-file-extension
thmb-file-description Thumbnail data
thmb-file-description Files with thmb file extension are mostly thumbnail previews or larger images.

thme-file-extension
thme-file-description Microsoft theme File
thme-file-description Detailed description

thml-file-extension
thml-file-description Theological HTML document
thml-file-description A thml file extension is related to the Theological HTML document format used to mark up Christian texts.

thn-file-extension
thn-file-description Graphics Workshop for Windows thumbnail
thn-file-description A thn file extension is related to the Graphics Workshop for Windows thumbnail format.

thng-file-extension
thng-file-description Component Manager for Mac resource data
thng-file-description A thng file extension is related to the Component Manager for Mac resource data format.

thnl-file-extension
thnl-file-description Graphics Workshop for Windows thumbnail file
thnl-file-description Detailed description

thor-file-extension
thor-file-description Thor source code
thor-file-description A thor file suffix is related to the Thor programming and scripting language. A thor file contains source code.

thp-file-extension
thp-file-description TurboTax text string file
thp-file-description Files with thp extension are used by TurboTax program. They include some text strings data.

thr-file-extension
thr-file-description Pro/ENGINEER data
thr-file-description Files with thr file extension are mainly related to PRO/ENGINEER (now known as Creo/Elements Pro).

ths-file-extension
ths-file-description Corel WordPerfect Thesaurus dictionary
ths-file-description The ths file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect Thesaurus dictionaries.

thtml-file-extension
thtml-file-description THTML file
thtml-file-description Files with thtml extension can be generally found as data files generated with the Tool Command Language.

thumb-file-extension
thumb-file-description JAlbum thumbnail
thumb-file-description A thumb file extension is related to the JAlbum photo gallery software. A .thumb file contains small thumbnail images.

thumbdata-file-extension
thumbdata-file-description Google Android thumbnail database
thumbdata-file-description A thumbdata file extension is related to the Google Android and used for its temporary thumbnail database files.

thumbdata-idx3-file-extension
thumbdata-idx3-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata-idx3-file-description A thumbdata-idx3 file extension is related to the Google Android operating system.

thumbdata3-file-extension
thumbdata3-file-description Google Android thumbnail database
thumbdata3-file-description Files with thumbdata3 extension are related to the Google Android and used for its temporary thumbnail database files.

thumbdata3--1763508120-file-extension
thumbdata3--1763508120-file-description Android thumbnail index file
thumbdata3--1763508120-file-description A thumbdata3--1763508120 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata3--1763508120 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata3--1967290299-file-extension
thumbdata3--1967290299-file-description Android Thumbnail index file
thumbdata3--1967290299-file-description A thumbdata3--1967290299 file extension is related to Google Android and stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos on Android devices.

thumbdata3--number-file-extension
thumbdata3--number-file-description Android MediaProvider thumbnail database
thumbdata3--number-file-description Files with thumbdata3 with various numbers in filename extension are generally thumbnail databases found on Android devices.

thumbdata3-1763508120-file-extension
thumbdata3-1763508120-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata3-1763508120-file-description Files with thumbdata3-1763508120 file extension can be occasionally found on SD cards of smartphones based on Google Android operating system. A thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata3-1967290299-file-extension
thumbdata3-1967290299-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata3-1967290299-file-description A thumbdata3-1967290299 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos on devices with Google Android.

thumbdata33-file-extension
thumbdata33-file-description Google Android thumbnail database
thumbdata33-file-description Files with thumbdata33 suffix may be sometimes encountered on Android devices. Thumbnail database.

thumbdata4-file-extension
thumbdata4-file-description Google Android thumbnail database
thumbdata4-file-description Files with thumbdata4 extension are usually temporary thumbnail databases from Google Android operating system.

thumbdata4--1763508120-file-extension
thumbdata4--1763508120-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata4--1763508120-file-description A thumbdata4--1763508120 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata4--1763508120 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata4--1967290299-file-extension
thumbdata4--1967290299-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata4--1967290299-file-description A thumbdata4--1967290299 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata4--1967290299 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-file-extension
thumbdata5-file-description Google Android thumbnail database
thumbdata5-file-description A thumbdata5 file extension is related to the Google Android thumbnail database a temporary file used to store thumbnails of picture images and other information about multimedia content.

thumbdata5--1763508120_0-file-extension
thumbdata5--1763508120_0-file-description Android thumbnail index file
thumbdata5--1763508120_0-file-description Files with thumbdata5--1763508120_0 file extension can also be found as one of the many generated digital photograph picture index files in Android operating system.

thumbdata5--1967290299_0-file-extension
thumbdata5--1967290299_0-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5--1967290299_0-file-description A thumbdata5--1967290299_0 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5--1967290299_0 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5--1967290299_1-file-extension
thumbdata5--1967290299_1-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5--1967290299_1-file-description Files with thumbdata5--1967290299_1 extension can be found as a temporary file used to store thumbnails of picture images and other information about multimedia content on Android devices.

thumbdata5--1967290299_3-file-extension
thumbdata5--1967290299_3-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5--1967290299_3-file-description Files with thumbdata5--1967290299_3 extension can be found as a temporary file used to store thumbnails of picture images and other information about multimedia content on Android devices.

thumbdata5--1967290299_4-file-extension
thumbdata5--1967290299_4-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5--1967290299_4-file-description A thumbdata5--1967290299_4 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5--1967290299_4 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5--1967290299_5-file-extension
thumbdata5--1967290299_5-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5--1967290299_5-file-description A thumbdata5--1967290299_5 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5--1967290299_5 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5--1967290299_7-file-extension
thumbdata5--1967290299_7-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5--1967290299_7-file-description A thumbdata5--1967290299_7 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5--1967290299_7 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_0-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_0-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_0-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_0 extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_0 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_1-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_1-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_1-file-description Files with thumbdata5-1763508120_1 extension can be found as a temporary file used to store thumbnails of picture images and other information about multimedia content on Android devices.

thumbdata5-1763508120_12-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_12-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_12-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_12 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_12 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_17-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_17-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_17-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_17 file extension can be found as a temporary file used to store thumbnails of picture images and other information about multimedia content on Android devices.

thumbdata5-1763508120_19-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_19-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_19-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_19 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_19 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_2-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_2-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_2-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_2 file extension can be found as a temporary file used to store thumbnails of picture images and other information about multimedia content on Android devices.

thumbdata5-1763508120_20-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_20-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_20-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_20 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_20 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_3-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_3-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_3-file-description Files with thumbdata5-1763508120_3 extension can be found as a temporary file used to store thumbnails of picture images and other information about multimedia content on Android devices.

thumbdata5-1763508120_4-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_4-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_4-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_4 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_4 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_5-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_5-file-description Android thumbnail index file
thumbdata5-1763508120_5-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_5 extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_5 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_6-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_6-file-description Android thumbnail index file
thumbdata5-1763508120_6-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_6 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_6 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_7-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_7-file-description Android thumbnail index file
thumbdata5-1763508120_7-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_7 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_7 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1763508120_8-file-extension
thumbdata5-1763508120_8-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1763508120_8-file-description A thumbdata5-1763508120_8 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5-1763508120_8 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbdata5-1967290299_8-file-extension
thumbdata5-1967290299_8-file-description Android thumbnail index
thumbdata5-1967290299_8-file-description A thumbdata5--1967290299_8 file extension is related to Google Android operating system. A thumbdata5--1967290299_8 file stores thumbnail index of picture images and photos.

thumbindex-file-extension
thumbindex-file-description Motorola Media Finder thumbnail index
thumbindex-file-description A thumbindex file extension is related to the Motorola Media Finder and used for its thumbnail indexes.

thumbindex3--1967290299-file-extension
thumbindex3--1967290299-file-description Google Android thumbnail index file
thumbindex3--1967290299-file-description A thumbindex3--1967290299 file extension is related to the Google Android index files.

thumbnail-file-extension
thumbnail-file-description Google Android thumbnail cache
thumbnail-file-description Files with thumbnail extension are mainly related to files that contain  the Google Android thumbnail cache data.

thumbsdb-file-extension
thumbsdb-file-description PixFiler thumbnail database
thumbsdb-file-description A thumbsdb file extension is related to the PixFiler and used for its thumbnail database.

thx-file-extension
thx-file-description Amiga THX tracker music
thx-file-description Files with thx extension are known as audio files created by THX Tracker program.

th_-file-extension
th_-file-description Unknown file extension
th_-file-description Files with th_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ti-file-extension
ti-file-description Timber compiler
ti-file-description Files with ti file extension are in most cases compiled data generated by Timber a programming language aimed at the construction of complex event-driven systems.

ti0-file-extension
ti0-file-description Tabula binary settings and initialization data
ti0-file-description A ti0 file extension is associated with the Tabula and used for its settings and initialization data.

ti1-file-extension
ti1-file-description Tabula binary settings and initialization
ti1-file-description A ti1 file extension is associated with the Tabula program. A ti1 file stores binary settings and initialization.

ti2-file-extension
ti2-file-description Tabula binary settings and initialization data
ti2-file-description A ti file extension is associated with the Tabula and used for its settings and initialization data format.

tia-file-extension
tia-file-description Tornadoflasher data
tia-file-description A tia file extension is related to the Tornadoflasher, a service tool and software for Nokia phones.

tibkp-file-extension
tibkp-file-description Titanium Backup data
tibkp-file-description A tibkp file extension is associated with the Titanium Backup and used for its data files.

tibx-file-extension
tibx-file-description Acronis True Image 2020 backup
tibx-file-description Files with tibx extension are backup files created with Acronis True Image 2020 and later. Contains whole chain of backup chain, meaning the original full backup and any additional incremental backups that depend on it.

tic-file-extension
tic-file-description TruKnox cache
tic-file-description A tic file extension is related to apps developed by TruKnox Technologies.

ticr-file-extension
ticr-file-description Amazon Kindle book info
ticr-file-description Files with ticr extension are associated with the Amazon Kindle book info format.

tid-file-extension
tid-file-description IBM Voice Type languages tasks data
tid-file-description A tid file extension is related to IBM Voice Type. A tid file stores languages tasks.

tidx-file-extension
tidx-file-description Thumbnail index
tidx-file-description Files with tidx file extension might be found as thumbnail indexes on AACS protected Blu-ray dics.

tifenx-file-extension
tifenx-file-description egis encrypted TIFF image
tifenx-file-description A tifenx file extension is used for Egis encrypted TIFF files.

tiffenx-file-extension
tiffenx-file-description Unknown file extension
tiffenx-file-description Files with tiffenx file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tifw-file-extension
tifw-file-description Blender GIS world data
tifw-file-description Files with tifw file extension are related to the Blender GIS world files.

tig-file-extension
tig-file-description Texas Instruments connect backup
tig-file-description A tig file extension is related to the Texas Instruments, Connect software and used for its connect backup files.

tiger-file-extension
tiger-file-description Crystal Dynamics game data archive format
tiger-file-description A tiger file extension is related to computer games developed by Crystal Dynamics and used for their game data archives.

tii-file-extension
tii-file-description Apache Lucene term info index
tii-file-description Files with tii file extension can be found as part of Apache Lucene information retrieval software library. Some sort of index file.

tik-file-extension
tik-file-description Game texture script
tik-file-description Files with tik extension are used for game texture scripts.

tiktak-file-extension
tiktak-file-description Tik-Tak data
tiktak-file-description A tiktak file extension is related to the Tik-Tak software for Microsoft Windows.

tikz-file-extension
tikz-file-description Matlab tikz script
tikz-file-description Files with tikz file extension can be found as tikz scripts generated in Matlab using the matlab2tikz command.

til-file-extension
til-file-description Nova Logic game tile data
til-file-description A til file extension contains tile data (*til). Often used by Nova Logic´s video games such as Delta Force.

tile-file-extension
tile-file-description Eclipse image
tile-file-description Files with tile file extension can be usually found as images from Eclipse development platform.

tilemap-file-extension
tilemap-file-description XML tilemap format
tilemap-file-description Files with tilemap file extension can be found as XML files with tile map information.

tileskinzip-file-extension
tileskinzip-file-description Elemental: War of Magic tile skin
tileskinzip-file-description A tileskinzip file extension is associated with the Elemental: War of Magic video game. A tileskinzip file stores tile skin.

tim-file-extension
tim-file-description Tagged Image file format
tim-file-description A tim file extension is related to the Tagged Image file format a lossless format used to store bitmap images.

time-file-extension
time-file-description LIGHT data
time-file-description A .time file extension is related to the LIGHT web service.

timestamp-file-extension
timestamp-file-description Timestamp data
timestamp-file-description Files with timestamp file extension can be found as various small timestamp files for measuring time segments. These are used in many programs including ArcGIS, Java and more.

tin-file-extension
tin-file-description Bentley GEOPAK Environmental Modeling Systems data
tin-file-description A tn file extension is related to the Bentley GEOPAK Civil Engineering Suite and used for its triangulated irregular networks data files.

tinf-file-extension
tinf-file-description Microsoft Theme info
tinf-file-description A tin file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A tin file stores information about theme.

tiny-file-extension
tiny-file-description Gnome Desktop data
tiny-file-description A tiny file extension is related to the Gnome Desktop and used for its data files.

tinydeck-file-extension
tinydeck-file-description Tiny Deck data
tinydeck-file-description A tinydeck file extension is related to the Tiny Deck and used for its data files.

tinyid-file-extension
tinyid-file-description Tiny Village game data
tinyid-file-description Files with tinyid file extension might be found as part of Tiny Village game app for Android.

tio-file-extension
tio-file-description Creston applications data
tio-file-description Files with tio file extension are related to the Creston applications data format.

tip-file-extension
tip-file-description Windows tip of the day data
tip-file-description A tip file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system and other Windows apps. A tip file contains tip of the day.

tiprogram-file-extension
tiprogram-file-description TI-Basic source code
tiprogram-file-description A tiprogram file extension is related to the TI-Basic programming tool, developed by Texas Instruments. A tiprogram file stores source code.

tiq-file-extension
tiq-file-description Tektronics RSA306 TIQ data
tiq-file-description A tiq file extension is related to the  Tektronix RSA306 TIQ data format.

tir-file-extension
tir-file-description Tibia RePlay Tibia movie
tir-file-description Files with tir file extension may be usually encountered as recorded game sessions from Tibia MMORPG.

tis-file-extension
tis-file-description TruKnox captured device settings file
tis-file-description Files with tis extension are used for TruKnox Tru-i Suite software. They contain captured device settings.

tit-file-extension
tit-file-description Train Simulator track interactive table
tit-file-description A tit file extension is related to the Train Simulator and used for its track interactive table files.

tivo-file-extension
tivo-file-description TiVo video data
tivo-file-description A tivo file extension is related to digital video recorders (DVR) developed by TiVo Company. A tivo file stores video data.

tiw-file-extension
tiw-file-description Bentley InRoads data
tiw-file-description A tiw file extension is related to the Bentley InRoads software for Microsoft Windows. A tiw file contains data.

tix-file-extension
tix-file-description DivX video download activation
tix-file-description A tix file extension is related to the DivX video player. A tix file contains video download activation (ticket).

tjc-file-extension
tjc-file-description Taikojiro song map sequence
tjc-file-description A tjc file extension is related to the Taikojiro and used for its song map sequence files.

tjexp-file-extension
tjexp-file-description The Journal exported data
tjexp-file-description Files with tjexp file suffix are related to the The Journal exported data.

tjf-file-extension
tjf-file-description VAXTPU backup
tjf-file-description Files with tjf file extension are used by VAXTPU utility. A tjf file stores backup.

tjn-file-extension
tjn-file-description Taijin Media net karaoke song
tjn-file-description A tjn file extension is related to the Taijin Media net karaoke song format. Probably obsolete format.

tjp-file-extension
tjp-file-description TaskJuggler project
tjp-file-description A tjp file extension is related to the TaskJubbler and used for its project files.

tjs-file-extension
tjs-file-description TRACKJOY song
tjs-file-description A tjs file extension is related to the TRACKJOY audio tracker and used for its song files.

tjvdb-file-extension
tjvdb-file-description The Journal volume database
tjvdb-file-description A tjvdb file extension is related to The Journal volume database.

tjxml-file-extension
tjxml-file-description The Journal export data
tjxml-file-description A tjxml file extension is related to The Journal software and used for its export data.

tk-file-extension
tk-file-description Tk language script
tk-file-description A tk file suffix is related to the Tk language script format.

tk1-file-extension
tk1-file-description Wintec Tools GPS log
tk1-file-description A tk1 file extension is associated with the Wintec Tools and used for its GPS logs.

tk2-file-extension
tk2-file-description Roxio/Take Two backup
tk2-file-description A tk2 file extension was associated with Easy CD Creator. A tk2 file contains backup.

tk3-file-extension
tk3-file-description TK3 multimedia eBook file
tk3-file-description FIles with tk3 extension are used for TK3 multimedia eBook. They contain documents.

tk4-file-extension
tk4-file-description Wintec Time Machine X database
tk4-file-description A tk4 file extension is related to the Wintec Time Machine X and used for its database files.

tk5-file-extension
tk5-file-description XWE data
tk5-file-description A tk5 file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

tka-file-extension
tka-file-description Genie 2000 measurements data
tka-file-description A tka file extension is related to the Genie 2000 program. A tka file stores measurements data.

tkb-file-extension
tkb-file-description TicketBench data
tkb-file-description A tkb file extension is related to the TicketBench and used for its data files.

tkined-file-extension
tkined-file-description Tkined file
tkined-file-description Detailed description

tkl-file-extension
tkl-file-description Holux MapShow305 track
tkl-file-description Files with tkl file extension can be found as GPS data files from Holux MapShow305 device.

tkm-file-extension
tkm-file-description Panasonic SD Voice Editor file
tkm-file-description Files with tkm extension are used by the Panasonic SD Voice Editor voice recorder. These files contain some data for internal purposes of the device.

tkn-file-extension
tkn-file-description Liberty BASIC application distribution
tkn-file-description Files with tkn extension are related to the Liberty BASIC development tool. A tkn file contains application distribution data.

tko-file-extension
tko-file-description Win32/Oficla malware data
tko-file-description A tko file extension is associated with the Win32/Oficla malware.

tkp-file-extension
tkp-file-description MicroImages SML script standalone application
tkp-file-description A tkp file extension is related to the MicroImages SML script standalone applications.

tkr-file-extension
tkr-file-description eSignal ticker data
tkr-file-description A tkr file extension is related to the eSignal and used for its ticker data.

tks-file-extension
tks-file-description Traktor Pro MIDI map
tks-file-description Files with tks file extension can be found as MIDI map files from Traktor Pro program.

tkw-file-extension
tkw-file-description TK Solver file
tkw-file-description Files with tkw extension are used by TK Solver software. They are used for some internal purposes of TK Solver software.

tl-file-extension
tl-file-description OpenTL Open track list file
tl-file-description Files with tl suffix are quite often found as special exchange audio data files from Tascam hard drive recorders. Also known as Open Track List format.

tla-file-extension
tla-file-description The Temporal Logic of Actions data
tla-file-description Files with tla file suffix are related to the The Temporal Logic of Actions data format.

tlb-file-extension
tlb-file-description OLE type library
tlb-file-description Files with tlb file extension are mainly related to Microsoft Object Linking technology (OLE).

tlbackup-file-extension
tlbackup-file-description True Launch Bar backup settings
tlbackup-file-description A tlbackup file extension is related to the True Launch Bar backup settings files.

tlbplugin-file-extension
tlbplugin-file-description True Launch Bar plugin
tlbplugin-file-description A tlbplugin file extension is related to the True Launch Bar and used for its plugins.

tlc-file-extension
tlc-file-description Logo Creator saved logo
tlc-file-description Files with tlc suffix may be usually found as logos made using Logo Creator graphics editing software.

tlcodes-file-extension
tlcodes-file-description GamePlan data
tlcodes-file-description Files with tlcodes file suffix are related to the GamePlan software.

tld-file-extension
tld-file-description Teledisk disk archive file
tld-file-description Files with tld extension are associated with some old compression format used on MS-DOS utility called Teledisk.

tle-file-extension
tle-file-description TLE File Format file
tle-file-description Files with tle extension are used as a text file formats for SGP4 Propagator software.

tlf-file-extension
tlf-file-description OpenGL Stonehenge data
tlf-file-description A tlf file extension is associated with the OpenGL (Open Graphics Library) an API for writing 3D applications.

tlg-file-extension
tlg-file-description QuickBooks transaction log
tlg-file-description Files with tlg file extension can be found as transaction logs from QuickBooks a business accounting software.

tlh-file-extension
tlh-file-description Typelib generated C/C++ header file
tlh-file-description The tlh extension files are associated with Microsoft Visual Studio as a source code files.

tli-file-extension
tli-file-description Typelib generated C/C++ inline data
tli-file-description A tli file extension is associated with the Visual Studio, an IDE from Microsoft. A tli file contains C/C++ inline data.

tlic-file-extension
tlic-file-description Trust lincense
tlic-file-description Files with tlic file extension might be found as part of manifests for a program installed via the ClickOnce Microsoft technology.

tlk-file-extension
tlk-file-description BioWare talk table data
tlk-file-description A tlk file extension is used for talk table files associated with computer games developed by BioWare. A tlk file contains game dialogs translated in various languages.

tll-file-extension
tll-file-description LG TV Link-Loader configuration file
tll-file-description Files with tll file extension can be found as configuration files for LG LCD TVs.

tlm-file-extension
tlm-file-description Timeline Maker timeline
tlm-file-description A file with tlm file extension is used for Timeline Maker for timeline data.

tlnc-file-extension
tlnc-file-description Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Double Agent game data file
tlnc-file-description The TLNC file extension is related to the Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Double Agent computer game. The *.tlnc file stores game data.

tlo-file-extension
tlo-file-description SPSS user table lookup data
tlo-file-description Files with tlo file extension can also be found as one of the file used by IBM SPSS platform. These contain user table lookup data.

tlp-file-extension
tlp-file-description Microsoft TimeLine project
tlp-file-description A tip file extension is related to the TimeLine and Microsoft Project and used for its project files.

tlq-file-extension
tlq-file-description Art Explosion T-Shirt Factory Deluxe project
tlq-file-description A tlq file extension is related to the Art Explosion T-Shirt Factory Deluxe and used for its project files.

tlr-file-extension
tlr-file-description Tableau Offline license registration data
tlr-file-description Files with tlr file extension can be found as license registration files from Tableau business analysis software platform.

tls-file-extension
tls-file-description TuneUp Utilities logon screen
tls-file-description Files with tls file extension can be generally found as saved logon screens for the TuneUp Utilities.

tlst-file-extension
tlst-file-description Unknown file extension
tlst-file-description Files with tlst file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tlt-file-extension
tlt-file-description Trellix web design
tlt-file-description A tlt file extension is related to the Trellix and used for its web design files.

tlv-file-extension
tlv-file-description TruLASER view geometry data
tlv-file-description A tlv file extension is related to the TruLASER and used for its view geometry data files.

tlx-file-extension
tlx-file-description Wintertree spell-checking dictionaries
tlx-file-description Files with tlx file extension can often be found as spell-check dictionary data files for Wintertree dictionaries that are used in many programs.

tly-file-extension
tly-file-description Adobe Photoshop Elements backup catalog
tly-file-description Files with tly file extension can be found as one of the backup files created in Adobe Photoshop Elements.

tlz-file-extension
tlz-file-description Unix TLZ compression engine data
tlz-file-description A tlz file extension is related to the TAR archive file compressed by LZMA file compression.

tlzma-file-extension
tlzma-file-description LZMA compressed tar archive
tlzma-file-description A tlzma file extension is related to the LZMA compressed tar archive file format.

tl_-file-extension
tl_-file-description Unknown file extension
tl_-file-description Files with tl_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tm-file-extension
tm-file-description EOSAT Landsat thematic mapper data
tm-file-description Files with tm file extension are used for EOSAT Landsat program.

tm1-file-extension
tm1-file-description TimeWise data
tm1-file-description A tm1 file extension is related to the TimeWise software and used for its data files.

tm2-file-extension
tm2-file-description Playstation 2 TIM2 bitmap
tm2-file-description A tm2 stands for PS2 tim2 bitmap format for Playstation 2 gaming console from Sony company.

tm3-file-extension
tm3-file-description TreeMap document
tm3-file-description A tm3 file extension is related to the TreeMap software and used for its document files.

tm8-file-extension
tm8-file-description TMC audio file
tm8-file-description Files with tm8 extension are used by the TMC program. They are used to create audio files.

tmap-file-extension
tmap-file-description Texas Instruments PowerLAN configuration
tmap-file-description A tmap file extension is related to the PowerLAN Master Gateway Battery Management Controller.

tmb-file-extension
tmb-file-description TMX editor user data
tmb-file-description Files with tmb file extension can be found as exchange files in Translation Memory eXchange format used for translation Memory data.

tmbak-file-extension
tmbak-file-description TextMaker data
tmbak-file-description A tmbak file extension is related to the TextMaker, a word processor. A tmbak file stores data.

tmblr-file-extension
tmblr-file-description TumblRipper data
tmblr-file-description A tmblr file extension is associated with the TumblRipper software for Windows.

tmbundle-file-extension
tmbundle-file-description TextMate bundle
tmbundle-file-description A tmbundle file extension is related to the TextMate bundle add-ons.

tmc-file-extension
tmc-file-description Windows trace message control data
tmc-file-description Files with tmc file extension might be found as Trace Message Control files from Microsoft Windows.

tmcl-file-extension
tmcl-file-description Dead or Alive 5 texture map
tmcl-file-description A tmcl file extension is related to the Dead or Alive 5 fighting game. A tmcl file contains texture map.

tmd-file-extension
tmd-file-description TextMaker document
tmd-file-description Files with tmd extension can be mostly found as text documents from TextMaker program. Part of Ashampoo Office and SoftMaker suites.

tmdb-file-extension
tmdb-file-description TaskMerlin database
tmdb-file-description A tmdb file extension is related to the TaskMerlin, a project management app and used for its database files.

tme-file-extension
tme-file-description Bryce animation time curve file
tme-file-description Files with tme extension are used by the Bryce program as a graphics files.

tmf-file-extension
tmf-file-description Corel WordPerfect tagged font metric
tmf-file-description A tmf file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its tagged font metric files.

tmg-file-extension
tmg-file-description The Marketing Game! game data
tmg-file-description A tmg file extension is related to The Marketing Game!, a strategic simulation game. A tmg file contains game data.

tmh-file-extension
tmh-file-description Trace message header
tmh-file-description A tmh file extension is related to the Trace message header file format. A thm file stores declarations of functions and variables.

tmi-file-extension
tmi-file-description Thin Client Media-3 encoded video
tmi-file-description Files with tmi file extension are related to the Thin Client Media-3 encoded video format.

tmk-file-extension
tmk-file-description Turbo Pascal tour data
tmk-file-description A tmk file extension is related to the Turbo Pascal, development program. A tmk file contains tour data.

tml-file-extension
tml-file-description AIRO timeline file format
tml-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe TML file extension!

tmlanguage-file-extension
tmlanguage-file-description TextMate grammar file or Sublime Text syntax highlighting settings file
tmlanguage-file-description A tmLanguage file is text file type based on XML syntax and contains settings for TextMate or Sublime Text code editors.

tmm-file-extension
tmm-file-description TimeMap metadata
tmm-file-description A tmm file extension is related to the TimeMap and used for its metadata files.

tmo-file-extension
tmo-file-description Zortech C++ global optimizer default output file
tmo-file-description Files with tmo extension were developed for the Zortech C++ Windows compiler which is now known as Digital Mars C++.

tmpl-file-extension
tmpl-file-description SWISH-E example data
tmpl-file-description Files with tmpl file extension can be found in Swish-E web indexing system.

tmpreferences-file-extension
tmpreferences-file-description TextMate or Sublime Text preferences
tmpreferences-file-description A .tmPreferences file contains basic TextMate settings. This settings files use also Sublime Text.

tmprtf-file-extension
tmprtf-file-description TimeMap portable file format
tmprtf-file-description A tmprtf file extension is related to the TimeMap software. A tmprtf file stores portable data.

tmq-file-extension
tmq-file-description TestMaster data
tmq-file-description Files with tmq file extension are related to the TestMaster data format.

tmr-file-extension
tmr-file-description Simpsons Cartoon Studio file
tmr-file-description Files with tmr extension are used by the Simpsons Cartoon Studio software. These files contain some data used for internal purposes of the program.

tms-file-extension
tms-file-description Timeless Time & Expense multi-user settings
tms-file-description Files with tms file extension can be found as multi-user setting files from Timeless Time & Expense productivity tool for Windows.

tmt-file-extension
tmt-file-description Temporary file
tmt-file-description Files with tmt suffix can be usually found as temporary files that were or still are used by applications.

tmtheme-file-extension
tmtheme-file-description TextMate theme
tmtheme-file-description A tmtheme file extension is related to the TextMate and used for its theme files.

tmv-file-extension
tmv-file-description TextMaker document template
tmv-file-description Files with tmv suffix can be usually encountered as documents templates from TextMaker word processing program.

tmvt-file-extension
tmvt-file-description TimeMap template
tmvt-file-description A tmvt file extension is related to the TimeMap and used for its template files.

tmw-file-extension
tmw-file-description Timeless Time & Expense multi-user security data
tmw-file-description A tmw file extension is related to the Timeless Time & Expense multi-user security data format.

tmx-file-extension
tmx-file-description Heartsome TMX editor file
tmx-file-description Files with tmx suffix can be mostly found as data files from the Heartsome TMX editor memory translation and terminology database maintenance software.

tmz-file-extension
tmz-file-description Medigraph compressed database
tmz-file-description A tmz file extension is related to the Mediagraph, a physical therapy software and used for its compressed databases.

tmzip-file-extension
tmzip-file-description Theme Manager theme
tmzip-file-description A tmzip file extension is related to the Theme Manager for Windows 7. A tmzip file stores theme installation package.

tn-file-extension
tn-file-description LG encoded JPG image
tn-file-description Files with tn file extension can be found as jpg images encoded on SD cards in LG smartphones.

tn1-file-extension
tn1-file-description TiNY bitmap image
tn1-file-description A tn1 file extension is related to the TiNY bitmap image format popular on ATARI ST computers. A tn1 file stores bitmap image in low resolution.

tn2-file-extension
tn2-file-description Tiny bitmap image
tn2-file-description A tn2 file extension is related to the TiNY bitmap image file format popular on ATARI ST family of 16/32-bit computers.

tn3-file-extension
tn3-file-description Tiny bitmap image
tn3-file-description Files with tn3 extension may be encountered as graphics files in TiNY bitmap image file format which was once popular on Atari ST computers.

tn7-file-extension
tn7-file-description Casio WK-3000 tone
tn7-file-description A tn7 file extension is related to the Casio WK-3000 keyboards and used for its tone files.

tn%3F-file-extension
tn%3F-file-description TiNY 2D graphic data
tn%3F-file-description The tn? file extension is related to TiNY bitmap image format popular on Atari ST 16/32-bit home computers.

tna-file-extension
tna-file-description Topocad net adjustment data
tna-file-description Files with tna file extension can mainly be found as one of the system files from Topocad software.

tnb-file-extension
tnb-file-description Bitmap picture image
tnb-file-description A tnb file extension is mainly related to some old, bitmap image format. Most likely no longer used.

tnc-file-extension
tnc-file-description Texas Instruments TI-Nspire CAS OS image
tnc-file-description Files with tnc extension are used for the Texas Instruments TI-Nspire CAS handheld. They include operating system images from CAS.

tnd-file-extension
tnd-file-description CAS-HYDRO tree-node definition data
tnd-file-description A tnd file extension is related to the CAS-HYDRO and used for its tree-node definition files.

tnef-file-extension
tnef-file-description Transport neutral encapsulation format file
tnef-file-description Files with tnef extension are used by Microsoft Outlook Express program. They include some text formatting data.

tnf-file-extension
tnf-file-description Transport Neutral Encapsulation Format
tnf-file-description Files with tnf file extension are email attachments in Microsoft's Transport Neutral Encapsulation Format. Used by Exchange Server.

tnfo-file-extension
tnfo-file-description Spybot - Search & Destroy data
tnfo-file-description A tnfo file extension is related to the Spybot - Search & Destroy software. A tnfo file contains data.

tng-file-extension
tng-file-description Namo WebCanvas vector graphic data
tng-file-description A tng file extension is related to the Namo WebCanvas and used for its vector graphic files.

tni-file-extension
tni-file-description Sega Virtua Tennis menufiles common data
tni-file-description A tni file extension is related to the Sega Virtua Tennis a video game for Windows, Dreamcast and Nintendo GBA.

tnj-file-extension
tnj-file-description TimeStone Neo job information
tnj-file-description A tnj file extension is related to the TimeStone software and used for its Neo Job files.

tnk-file-extension
tnk-file-description Nimbus 7 SAMS data
tnk-file-description A tnk file extension is related to the Nimbus 7 SAMS data format.

tnl-file-extension
tnl-file-description Thumbnail image format
tnl-file-description A tnl file extension is related to the Thumbnail picture image file format.

tno-file-extension
tno-file-description Handheld Operating System image
tno-file-description Files with tno file extension might be found as images in Handheld Operating System from Texas Instruments.

tnr-file-extension
tnr-file-description GPS Pathfinder ProXR/XRS firmware
tnr-file-description Files with tnr file extension can be found as firmware files for GPS Pathfinder ProXR/XRS devices.

tns-file-extension
tns-file-description TI-Nspire document
tns-file-description Files with tns file extension can be mainly found as documents for TI-Nspire range of graphic calculators produced by Texas Instruments

tnsp-file-extension
tnsp-file-description Texas Instruments TI-Nspire PublishView document
tnsp-file-description A tnsp file extension is related to the TI-Nspire software developed by Texas Instruments. A tnsp file contains TI-Nspire PublishView document.

tnt-file-extension
tnt-file-description TurnTool 3D model
tnt-file-description Files with tnt file extension are related to the TurnTool 3D model format.

tnx-file-extension
tnx-file-description PCL Toolkit text extraction data
tnx-file-description Files with tnx file extension might be found as text extraction files from PCLTool SKD.

tny-file-extension
tny-file-description TiNY bitmap image
tny-file-description A tny file extension is related to the TiNY 2D graphics bitmap image popular on ATARI ST computers.

to4-file-extension
to4-file-description Top 4 compressed data
to4-file-description Files with to4 file extension might be found as compressed archives in Top 4 format.

tob-file-extension
tob-file-description ZEMAX object data
tob-file-description A tob file extension is related to the ZEMAX, a design optical systems. A tob file stores object data.

tobj-file-extension
tobj-file-description 18 Wheels of Steel: Haulin' game data
tobj-file-description Files with tobj file extension are typically game data archives used in the 18 Wheels of Steel: Haulin' computer game.

toc-file-extension
toc-file-description Table of contents
toc-file-description Files with toc extension can be typically found as table of contents files in various programs. Many different file types sharing the same purpose.

tocf-file-extension
tocf-file-description Eudora for Mac TOC file
tocf-file-description Detailed description

toe-file-extension
toe-file-description Touch Environment project
toe-file-description Files with toe file extension are projects from Derivate TouchDesigner program.

tof-file-extension
tof-file-description Mr. Photo temporary thumbnail
tof-file-description A tof file extension is related to the Mr. Photo and used for its temporary thumbnail files.

tofp-file-extension
tofp-file-description Toshiba fingerprint utility settings backup
tofp-file-description Files with tofp file extension can be usually encountered as settings backup files from Toshiba Fingerprint Utility.

toh-file-extension
toh-file-description Infinity Engine game data
toh-file-description A toh file extension is related to the Infinity game engine and used for its game files.

tok-file-extension
tok-file-description Borland C++ 4.x external tokens
tok-file-description A tok file extension is related to the Borland C++ development environment. A tok file contains external tokens.

tokend-file-extension
tokend-file-description Smart Card support data
tokend-file-description A tokend file extension is related to the Smart Card for Mac OS X and used for its support files.

tol-file-extension
tol-file-description ZEMAX tolerance file
tol-file-description Files with tol extension are used by Zemax program. They include some tolerance data.

tom-file-extension
tom-file-description Total Office Manager accounting data
tom-file-description A tom file extension is related to the Total Office Manager accounting program. A tom file contains accounting data.

tombraider+3-file-extension
tombraider+3-file-description Tomb Raider 3 save game
tombraider+3-file-description A tombraider 3 file extension is related to the Tomb Raider III and used for its saved game files.

tombstone-file-extension
tombstone-file-description Google Android tombstone data
tombstone-file-description A tombstone file is related to Google Android operating system. A tombstone file stores some kind of temporary data.

toml-file-extension
toml-file-description TOML source code
toml-file-description Files with toml extension are related to the TOML source codes. Any text editor should be able to handle them.

ton-file-extension
ton-file-description FMS32 protocol file
ton-file-description Files with ton extension are used by the FMS32 program. They include some protocol data.

tool-file-extension
tool-file-description Apple Terminal data
tool-file-description Files with tool file extension is related to the Apple Terminal. A .tool file stores data generated by Terminal.

toolbaricons-file-extension
toolbaricons-file-description Stardock WindowBlinds SkinStudio data
toolbaricons-file-description A toolbaricons file extension is related to the Stardock WindowBlinds SkinStudio files.

tools-file-extension
tools-file-description DJGPP tools data
tools-file-description A tools file extension is related to the DJGPP program. A .tools file contains tool data.

top-file-extension
top-file-description Evernote handwritten notes and sketches
top-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe TOP file extension!

topc-file-extension
topc-file-description TopicCrunch stored search project
topc-file-description Files with TOPC extension are data files that contain search project made in TopicCrunch program.

topx-file-extension
topx-file-description e-Sword topic note
topx-file-description Files with topx file extension can be found as saved topic notes for e-Sword Bible studying software.

tor-file-extension
tor-file-description Star Wars: The Old Republic asset data
tor-file-description Files with tor file extension can mostly be found as game data archives from Star Wars: The Old Republic MMORPG. Contains ingame resources like maps and graphics.

torchdownload-file-extension
torchdownload-file-description Torch Web Browser partial download
torchdownload-file-description Files with torchdownload file extension can be found as incomplete download files initiated through the Torch Web Browser.

torrent1-file-extension
torrent1-file-description 1Clicktorrent data
torrent1-file-description A torrent1 file extension is related to the 1Clicktorrent software.

tos-file-extension
tos-file-description Atari ST TOS archive
tos-file-description A tos file extension is related to the TOS (The Operating System, or Tramiel Operating System) and used for its archive files.

tot-file-extension
tot-file-description LG firmware archive file
tot-file-description Files with tot file extension are mainly known to be found as firmware updates for phones produced by LG.

totalsbackup-file-extension
totalsbackup-file-description Kedisoft Totals database backup
totalsbackup-file-description A totalsbackup file extension is related to the Kedisoft Totals. A totalsbackup file contains database backup.

totalsdb-file-extension
totalsdb-file-description Kedisoft Totals database file
totalsdb-file-description The .totalsdb file extension is related to the Kedisoft Totals.

totalsecurity-file-extension
totalsecurity-file-description 360 Total Security data
totalsecurity-file-description Files with totalsecurity file extension are related to the 360 Total Security solution.

totalslayout-file-extension
totalslayout-file-description Kedisoft Totals layout file
totalslayout-file-description The .totalslayout file extension is related to the Totals for Apple Mac computers.

totalssyncdb-file-extension
totalssyncdb-file-description Kedisoft Totals sync database file
totalssyncdb-file-description The .totalssyncdb file extension is related to the Kedisoft Totals app for Mac OS X.

tow-file-extension
tow-file-description TOWER model
tow-file-description A tow file extension is related to the TOWER and used for its model files.

tox-file-extension
tox-file-description TouchDesigner component data
tox-file-description Files with tox extension might be found as components from Derivative TouchDesigner.

toy-file-extension
toy-file-description Catz & Dogz game data
toy-file-description Files with toy file extension can be found as game files from Ubisoft's Catz & Dogz computer game.

to_be_deleted-file-extension
to_be_deleted-file-description To be deleted file
to_be_deleted-file-description A .to_be_deleted file extension is related to some programs to label files, which were marked by user to be deleted.

tp0-file-extension
tp0-file-description Mascom PVR video
tp0-file-description Files with tp0 file extension can be found as recordings made using one of the o the Mascom PVR recording devices and possibly other.

tp2-file-extension
tp2-file-description WeiDU resource pack
tp2-file-description Files with tp2 file extension can be found as mods from WeiDU tools for modding Infinity engine games, such as Baldur's Gate.

tp3-file-extension
tp3-file-description Harvard Graphics DOS 3.0 template
tp3-file-description Files with tp3 suffix may be occasionally found as templates from the old Harvard Graphics presentation program for DOS and Windows.

tp4-file-extension
tp4-file-description RollerCoaster Tycoon track design screenshot
tp4-file-description A tp4 file extension is related to the RollerCoaster Tycoon video game. A tp4 file contains track design screenshot.

tp5-file-extension
tp5-file-description MODTRAN tape 5 data
tp5-file-description A tp5 file extension is related to the MODTRAN tape 5 data file format.

tp7-file-extension
tp7-file-description MODTRAN data
tp7-file-description A tp7 file extension is related to the MODTRAN (MODerate resolution TRANsmission model). A tp7 file stores some kind of data.

tp8-file-extension
tp8-file-description MODTRAN spectral output data
tp8-file-description A tp8 file extension is related to the MODTRAN and used for its spectral output data.

tp%3F-file-extension
tp%3F-file-description Tracker Packer music format
tp%3F-file-description A tp? file extension is associated with the Tracker Packer, a music composing software. A tp? file stores audio data.

tpa-file-extension
tpa-file-description CorelDRAW custom graphic data
tpa-file-description A tpa file extension is related to the CorelDRAW, a vector graphics editor. A tpa file stores custom graphic data.

tpafz-file-extension
tpafz-file-description YouMinds Composer portable archive
tpafz-file-description A tpafz file extension is associated with the YouMinds Composer, a presentation program. A tpafz file stores portable archive.

tpb-file-extension
tpb-file-description HiJaak PCL soft font file backup
tpb-file-description A tpb file extension is related to the HiJaak a picture image management software. A tpb file contains PCL soft font file backup.

tpc-file-extension
tpc-file-description 3D TopicScape exported topic link file format
tpc-file-description Files with tpc extension are generated by 3D TopicScape.

tpd-file-extension
tpd-file-description EDIUS EffectPreset file
tpd-file-description Files with tpd suffix can be found as some sort of settings for the EDIUS software. EffectPreset file format.

tpdb8-file-extension
tpdb8-file-description ThumbsPlus thumbnail database
tpdb8-file-description A tpdb8 file extension is related to the ThumbsPlus thumbnail database file format.

tpdb8s-file-extension
tpdb8s-file-description ThumbsPlus data
tpdb8s-file-description A tpdb8s file extension is related to the ThumbsPlus software for Microsoft Windows.

tpe-file-extension
tpe-file-description Clarion example
tpe-file-description A tpe file extension is related to the Clarion and used for its example files.

tpf-file-extension
tpf-file-description HiJaak downloadable PCL soft font
tpf-file-description Files with tpf file extension can be mostly found as font files for the HiJaak picture image management software.

tpg-file-extension
tpg-file-description TOPO! sync data
tpg-file-description A tpg file extension is related to the TOPO! State and Weekend Explorer and used for its sync data files.

tph-file-extension
tph-file-description Turbo Pascal help data
tph-file-description A tph file extension is associated with the Turbo Pascal, a development tool. A tph file stores help data.

tpi-file-extension
tpi-file-description Visual Test shell data
tpi-file-description Files with tpi file extension can be mainly found as shell files from Visual Test program by Microsoft.

tpic-file-extension
tpic-file-description TrueVision TARGA image
tpic-file-description A tpic file extension is related to the TrueVision TARGA image format.

tpj-file-extension
tpj-file-description NovaLogic game terrain project
tpj-file-description A tpj file extension is related to computer games developed by NovaLogic. A tpj file stores terrain project.

tpkey-file-extension
tpkey-file-description TexturePacker license file
tpkey-file-description Files with tpkey extension are used by the TexturePacker application.

tpkg-file-extension
tpkg-file-description tpkg-builder data
tpkg-file-description A tpkg file extension is related to the tpkg-builder data format.

tplt-file-extension
tplt-file-description Molly template
tplt-file-description Files with tplt file extension are related to the Molly development tool and used for its templates.

tpm-file-extension
tpm-file-description TextPad macro file
tpm-file-description Files with tpm suffix may be often found as macros from TextPad editing tool. Most likely used to automate workflow with the program.

tpnueb-file-extension
tpnueb-file-description Payame Noor University e-book
tpnueb-file-description Files with tpnueb file extension can be found as electronic publications in Persian language. Probably only used in Iran.

tpo-file-extension
tpo-file-description TOPO! mapXchange document
tpo-file-description Files with tpo file extension may be mainly found as GPS maps in special map exchange format used by TOPO! navigation platform.

tpoly-file-extension
tpoly-file-description 3D graphics file
tpoly-file-description Detailed description

tpp-file-extension
tpp-file-description Borland Pascal protected mode units
tpp-file-description A tpp file extension is related to the Borland Pascal (Turbo Pascal) and used for its protected mode units files.

tpq-file-extension
tpq-file-description TOPO!Pro map file
tpq-file-description Files with tpq suffix can be found as images from TOPO! family of software from National Geographic Maps.

tpr-file-extension
tpr-file-description Clarion for Windows repaired data file
tpr-file-description Files with tpr extension is used by Clarion software. They contain repaired data.

tproject-file-extension
tproject-file-description thinBasic project
tproject-file-description A tproject file extension is related to the thinBasic project files.

tps-file-extension
tps-file-description Scam torrent file
tps-file-description Files with tps suffix can be occasionally found as some kind of scam torrent files, typically infected by virus. Make sure to check your computer with anti-virus software.

tpsdb-file-extension
tpsdb-file-description Print Shop project
tpsdb-file-description Files with tpsdb file extension can be found as projects from Print Shop publishing software.

tpsml-file-extension
tpsml-file-description Portal Structure Markup Language page template
tpsml-file-description A tpsml file extension is related to the Portal Structure Markup Language used by Jetspeed. A tpsml file stores template of page.

tpt-file-extension
tpt-file-description ThumbsPlus thumbnail template
tpt-file-description A tpt file extension is related to the ThumbsPlus and used for its thumbnail templates.

tpu-file-extension
tpu-file-description Turbo Pascal unit data
tpu-file-description A tpu file extension is related to the Turbo Pascal development tool and used for its unit files.

tpv-file-extension
tpv-file-description Tutor Pro packed graphics
tpv-file-description A tpv file extension is related to the Tutor Pro program and used for its packed graphics.

tpw-file-extension
tpw-file-description Borland Turbo Pascal unit
tpw-file-description A tpw file extension is related to the Turbo Pascal, a programming software from Borland.

tpx-file-extension
tpx-file-description Topo North America project
tpx-file-description Files with tpx file extension can be usually found as projects for Topo North America planning and navigation software.

tpz-file-extension
tpz-file-description Amazon Kindle Topaz e-book
tpz-file-description Files with tpz file extension can be found as e-books in special Amazon Kindle Topaz format.

tp_-file-extension
tp_-file-description Unknown file extension
tp_-file-description Files with tp_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tp_batch-file-extension
tp_batch-file-description ThumbsPlus file
tp_batch-file-description A tp_batch file extension is related to the ThumbsPlus software and used for its data files.

tp_catalog-file-extension
tp_catalog-file-description ThumbsPlus catalog scheme
tp_catalog-file-description Files with tp_catalog file suffix are related to the ThumbsPlus catalog scheme format.

tp_contact-file-extension
tp_contact-file-description ThumbsPlus data
tp_contact-file-description A tp_contact file extension is related to the ThumbsPlus software.

tp_meta-file-extension
tp_meta-file-description ThumbsPlus metadata
tp_meta-file-description A tp_meta file extension is associated with the ThumbsPlus metadata format.

tp_plugin-file-extension
tp_plugin-file-description ThumbsPlus file plugin
tp_plugin-file-description A tp_plugin file extension is related to the ThumbsPlus plugin files.

tp_print-file-extension
tp_print-file-description ThumbsPlus print scheme
tp_print-file-description A tp_print file extension is related to the ThumbsPlus software for Windows.

tp_webwiz-file-extension
tp_webwiz-file-description ThumbsPlus web scheme
tp_webwiz-file-description Files with file suffix tp_webwiz are related to the ThumbsPlus program. A tp_webwiz file contains web scheme.

tq5-file-extension
tq5-file-description TQSLCert request data
tq5-file-description A tq5 file extension is related to the TQSLCert and used for its request files.

tq6-file-extension
tq6-file-description TQSLCert certificate
tq6-file-description A tq6 file extension is related to the TQSLCert software and used for its certificate files.

tqd-file-extension
tqd-file-description Torq song information data
tqd-file-description Files with tqd file extension are used for Torq DJ software. They contain song information data.

tqf-file-extension
tqf-file-description Rational Test RealTime file
tqf-file-description Files with twf extension are used by the Rational Test RealTime cross-platform software. They include many various data used for internal purposes of the program.

tqi-file-extension
tqi-file-description Insure++ data
tqi-file-description A tqi file extension is related to the Insure++ and used for its data files.

tql-file-extension
tql-file-description Microsoft SQL Server query analyser header
tql-file-description A tql file extension is related to the Microsoft SQL Server, a database management system. A tql file contains query analyser header.

tqr-file-extension
tqr-file-description EROS metadata
tqr-file-description Files with tqr file extension are related to the EROS metadata format.

tqs-file-extension
tqs-file-description Insure++ data
tqs-file-description Files with tqs file extension are related to the Insure++ and used for its data files.

tr-file-extension
tr-file-description TomeRaider e-book
tr-file-description Files with tr file extension can be often found as old ebooks based on TomeRaider formats.

tr0-file-extension
tr0-file-description SPICE transient analysis output data
tr0-file-description A tr0 file extension is related to the Simulation Program with Integrated Circuit Emphasis software. A tr0 file contains transient analysis output data.

tr1-file-extension
tr1-file-description IBM Voice Type languages addword data
tr1-file-description A tr1 file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages scripts data.

tr2-file-extension
tr2-file-description Borland Turbo Debugger session-state settings
tr2-file-description Files with tr2 file extension can be found as settings from Borland Turbo Debugger. Session-state settings.

tr3-file-extension
tr3-file-description SPICE Transient Analysis output data
tr3-file-description A tr3 file extension is related to the SPICE Transient Analysis output file format.

tr4-file-extension
tr4-file-description SPICE Transient Analysis output file
tr4-file-description Files with tr4 extension are used by SPICE software. They include some output data.

tr5-file-extension
tr5-file-description OnyxTree Professional data
tr5-file-description A tr5 file extension is related to the OnyxTree Professional a graphical software.

tr59-file-extension
tr59-file-description Transfer59 data
tr59-file-description A tr59 file extension is associated with the Transfer59 and used for its data files.

tr6-file-extension
tr6-file-description SPICE Transient Analysis output file
tr6-file-description Files with tr6 extension are used by SPICE software. They include some output data.

tr7-file-extension
tr7-file-description SPICE Transient Analysis output file
tr7-file-description Files with tr7 extension are used by SPICE software. They include some output data.

tr8-file-extension
tr8-file-description SPICE Transient Analysis output data
tr8-file-description A tr8 file extension is related to the SPICE software and used for its output data.

tr9-file-extension
tr9-file-description SPICE Transient Analysis output data
tr9-file-description A tr9 file extension is related to the SPICE program and used for its output data.

tra-file-extension
tra-file-description True BASIC applet
tra-file-description Files with tra file extension can be mostly found as applets made in True BASIC development tool.

trace-file-extension
trace-file-description Wireshark captured data
trace-file-description A trace file extension is related to the Wireshark software. A trace file stores captured data.

tracwiki-file-extension
tracwiki-file-description Eclipse IDE WikiText file
tracwiki-file-description Detailed description

traineddata-file-extension
traineddata-file-description Tesseract OCR data
traineddata-file-description Files with traineddata extension can be typically found as some kind of data files from Tessaract OCR software.

trak-file-extension
trak-file-description Native Instruments Traktor content pack
trak-file-description A .trak file extension is related to the Native Instruments Traktor. A .trak file stores samples and settings used to create remixes.

trans-file-extension
trans-file-description Amaya data
trans-file-description A trans file extension is related to the Amaya software. A trans file stores data.

transcriptstyle-file-extension
transcriptstyle-file-description Apple iChat transcript style file
transcriptstyle-file-description Detailed description

transport-file-extension
transport-file-description HP Printer Utility transport plugin
transport-file-description A transport file extension is related to the HP Printer Utility and used for its transport plugin files.

trapd-file-extension
trapd-file-description Avaya TRAPD file
trapd-file-description Detailed description

traprofile-file-extension
traprofile-file-description Tomb Raider: Anniversary profile
traprofile-file-description File with traprofile file extension is associated with the Tomb Raider: Anniversary action adventure computer game.

trasave-file-extension
trasave-file-description Tomb Raider: Anniversary saved game
trasave-file-description A trasave file extension is related to the Tomb Raider: Anniversary and used for its saved game files.

trashes-file-extension
trashes-file-description Apple Mac trash container
trashes-file-description Files with trashes file extension can be typically encountered on OS X (macOS) platform as containers for data deleted using Finder.

trashinfo-file-extension
trashinfo-file-description Trash storage metadata
trashinfo-file-description A trashinfo file extension is related to the Linux operating system and used for storage metadata files.

traw-file-extension
traw-file-description PLINK variant-major additive component
traw-file-description A traw file extension is related to the PLINK variant-major additive component file format.

tray-file-extension
tray-file-description Corel Connect index
tray-file-description A tray file extension is related to the Corel Connect and used for its index files.

trayitem-file-extension
trayitem-file-description The Sims 4 game data
trayitem-file-description Files with trayitem file extension is related to The Sims 4 video game for Windows and Mac.

trb-file-extension
trb-file-description Animation Master turbulence plug-in
trb-file-description Files with trb extension can be most often encountered as special plug-in files for Animation Master 3D software.

trbw-file-extension
trbw-file-description STAR-CCM+ TurboWizard data
trbw-file-description A trbw file extension is related to the STAR-CCM+ and used for its TurboWizard files.

trc-file-extension
trc-file-description Oracle SQL*Net trace debug
trc-file-description Files with trc extension can be mainly found as part of Oracle database software. Diagnostic data file.

trce-file-extension
trce-file-description Corel Trace data
trce-file-description A trce file extension is related to the Corel Trace program. A trce file stores data.

trd-file-extension
trd-file-description ZX Spectrum floppy disk image
trd-file-description A trd file extension is related to the ZX Spectrum emulators and used for ZX Spectrum floppy disk image files.

tre-file-extension
tre-file-description EA SPORTS game data
tre-file-description A tre file extension is related to some computer games developed by EA Sports. A tre file contains game data.

treasureislandsavedgame-file-extension
treasureislandsavedgame-file-description Treasure Island saved game files.
treasureislandsavedgame-file-description A treasureislandsavedgame file extension is related to the Treasure Island computer game.

trec-file-extension
trec-file-description Camtasia Studio recorded session file
trec-file-description Files with trec file extension can be commonly found as recorded screen videos made with the Camtasia Studio. Usually used to capture what someone is doing on his computer.

tree-file-extension
tree-file-description ES-Builder tree data
tree-file-description A tree file extension is related to the ES-Builder and used for its tree files.

treedb-file-extension
treedb-file-description TreeDBNotes note
treedb-file-description The treedb file extension is related to the TreeDBNotes and used for its notes files.

trf-file-extension
trf-file-description Train Simulator traffic pattern
trf-file-description A trf file extension is related to the Train Simulator a train simulation computer game from Microsoft. A trf file stores traffic pattern.

trg-file-extension
trg-file-description Symantec LiveUpdate data
trg-file-description A trg file extension is related to the Symantec LiveUpdate service. A trg file stores some kind of data.

tri-file-extension
tri-file-description Linksys WRT54GS data
tri-file-description Files with tri file extension can also be found firmware or settings file for Linksys WRT54GS wireless routers.

tridefgame-file-extension
tridefgame-file-description TriDef 3D data
tridefgame-file-description A tridefgame file extension is related to the TriDef 3D software for Microsoft Windows. A .tridefgame file contains data.

trideflicense-file-extension
trideflicense-file-description Dynamic Digital Depth license
trideflicense-file-description A trideflicense file extension is related to some apps developed by Dynamic Digital Depth.

tridefmovie-file-extension
tridefmovie-file-description TriDef movie
tridefmovie-file-description Files with tridefmovie file extension can be mainly found as videos or movies in TriDef format.

tridefphoto-file-extension
tridefphoto-file-description TriDef 3D Photo Transformer depth map
tridefphoto-file-description Files with tridefphoto extension are used by TriDef 3D Photo Transformer. These files stores depth map data.

trif-file-extension
trif-file-description TRIF Tiled Raster Interchange Format bitmap file
trif-file-description Detailed description

trig-file-extension
trig-file-description RDF serialization format
trig-file-description A trig file extension is related to the Resource Description Framework (RDF). A trig file stores source code.

triple-s-file-extension
triple-s-file-description Triple-S surveying file format
triple-s-file-description A triple-s file extension is related to the Triple-S surveying file format.

trj-file-extension
trj-file-description GROMACS trajectory simulation data
trj-file-description Files with trj file extension can be primarily found as some sort of simulation trajectory data files from GROMACS molecular dynamics simulation software.

trk-file-extension
trk-file-description Garmin GPS PCX5 track
trk-file-description There are 12 other file types  usingthe TRK file extension!

trl-file-extension
trl-file-description Topocad roadline data
trl-file-description A trl file extension is related to the Topocad and used for its roadline data files.

trn-file-extension
trn-file-description Microsoft SQL Server transaction backup
trn-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe TRN file extension!

tro-file-extension
tro-file-description IBM Voice Type languages vocables
tro-file-description A tro file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages vocables.

trp-file-extension
trp-file-description MPEG-2 HD video data
trp-file-description A trp file extension is mainly associated with High Definition video files mostly in MPEG-2 format. High Definition Transportation Stream is used a standard for transport HD video in DVB broadcast. The usual combination used for TRP file format is H.264 video and AC3 audio codec.

trr-file-extension
trr-file-description GROMACS full-precision trajectory
trr-file-description A trr file extension is related to the GROMACS, a tool used for simulate Newtonian equations. A trr file stores full-precision trajectory data.

trs-file-extension
trs-file-description Micrografx executable file
trs-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe TRS file extension!

trt-file-extension
trt-file-description Team Sports Scheduling System report template
trt-file-description Files with trt suffix can be often found as templates from the Team Sports Scheduling System. Used to create reports.

tru-file-extension
tru-file-description True Basic source
tru-file-description A tru file extension is related to the True Basic and used for its source code files.

truck-file-extension
truck-file-description Rigs of Rods truck definition
truck-file-description A truck file extension is related to the Rigs of Rods, a 3D simulation video game for Windows, OS X (macOS), Linux and other platforms.

truehd-file-extension
truehd-file-description Dolby TrueHD audio
truehd-file-description A truehd file extension is related to the Dolby TrueHD audio codec. A truehd file contains audio.

trusave-file-extension
trusave-file-description Tomb Raider: Underworld saved game
trusave-file-description A trusave file extension is related to the Tomb Raider: Underworld video game. A trusave file stores saved game.

trv-file-extension
trv-file-description Traverse PC Desktop survey data
trv-file-description A trv file extension is related to the Traverse PC Desktop software. A trv file contains survey data.

trw-file-extension
trw-file-description Borland Turbo Debugger for Windows session-state settings
trw-file-description A trw file extension is related to the Borland Turbo Debugger for Windows. A trw file contains session-state settings.

trx-file-extension
trx-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio test results
trx-file-description A trx file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its test results files.

trx_dll-file-extension
trx_dll-file-description Microsoft Office dynamic link library
trx_dll-file-description A trx_dll file extension is related to the Microsoft Office suite.

try-file-extension
try-file-description TRY weather data
try-file-description Files with try file extension can generally be found as weather data files.

trz-file-extension
trz-file-description Norton Antivirus rapidrelease definition update
trz-file-description A trz file extension is related to the Norton Antivirus and used for its rapidrelease definition update files.

tr_-file-extension
tr_-file-description Unknown file extension
tr_-file-description Files with tr_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ts0-file-extension
ts0-file-description tio32 script
ts0-file-description Files with ts0 file extension can be found as scrips in tio32 scripting language by Texas Instruments.

ts1-file-extension
ts1-file-description VirtualBus texture description file
ts1-file-description Files with ts1 extension are used for Virtual Bus computer game. They include many settings.

ts2-file-extension
ts2-file-description Time Stamp project information
ts2-file-description A ts2 file extension is related to the Time Stamp, a time tracking tool. A ts2 file stores project information.

ts3_addon-file-extension
ts3_addon-file-description TeamSpeak add-on
ts3_addon-file-description The ts3_addon file extension is related to the TeamSpeak and used for its add-on files.

ts3_iconpack-file-extension
ts3_iconpack-file-description TeamSpeak 3 add-on
ts3_iconpack-file-description A ts3_iconpack file extension is related to the TeamSpeak 3 add-ons.

ts3_plugin-file-extension
ts3_plugin-file-description TeamSpeak 3 plugin
ts3_plugin-file-description Files with ts3_plugin file extension can be usually found as plugins for TeamSpeak communication system for Windows.

ts3_soundpack-file-extension
ts3_soundpack-file-description TeamSpeak add-on
ts3_soundpack-file-description A ts3_soundpack file extension is related to the TeamSpeak software. A ts3_soundpack file stores add-on.

ts3_style-file-extension
ts3_style-file-description TeamSpeak 3 package installer data
ts3_style-file-description A ts3_style file extension is related to the TeamSpeak software and used for its package installer data.

ts3_translation-file-extension
ts3_translation-file-description TeamSpeak add-on
ts3_translation-file-description A ts3_translation file extension is related to the TeamSpeak software and used for its add-on files.

ts4-file-extension
ts4-file-description MPEG-2 video
ts4-file-description Files with ts4 file extension can be usually found as MPEG-2 videos recorded by several older DVD recorders.

tsa-file-extension
tsa-file-description jnana.tsa malware
tsa-file-description A tsa file extension is related to the jnana.tsa malware.

tsb-file-extension
tsb-file-description 3dMD or 3Q Viewer 3D image
tsb-file-description A tsb file extension is related to the 3dMD, an imaging app for Windows. A tsb file stores 3D image.

tsc-file-extension
tsc-file-description Microsoft Windows WinHelp related data
tsc-file-description A tsc file extension is related to WinHelp application for Microsoft Windows.

tscproj-file-extension
tscproj-file-description Camtasia Studio project (version 9)
tscproj-file-description Files with tscproj extension may be found as projects from Camtasia Studio version 9. These may be used in both Windows and Mac version of Camtasia.

tsd-file-extension
tsd-file-description Tamino Schema Editor data
tsd-file-description Files with tsd file extension can be mostly found as internal data files from the Tamino Schema Editor. Contains program data or something similar.

tsf-file-extension
tsf-file-description ProWORX Nxt symbol file
tsf-file-description A tsf file extension is related to the ProWORX Nxt and used for its symbol files.

tsg-file-extension
tsg-file-description TSG data
tsg-file-description A tsg file extension is related to TSG Suite a spectral geologist software. A .tsg file contains geological data.

tsh-file-extension
tsh-file-description Cenix audio
tsh-file-description Files with tsh extension are audio files used in Cenix devices.

tsi-file-extension
tsi-file-description Traktor Pro MIDI map
tsi-file-description Files with tsi extension can be most notably found as special MIDI map files generated by Traktor DJ mixing software. Basically a midi setting files with some hotkey maps.

tsj-file-extension
tsj-file-description TopCon TopSurf job
tsj-file-description Files with tsj file extension are job files for TopSurf program. Used for specialized devices.

tsk-file-extension
tsk-file-description Windows Mobile skin or theme
tsk-file-description A tsk file extension is associated with the Pocket PC and Windows Mobile operating systems. A tsk file stores theme settings.

tsks-file-extension
tsks-file-description XviD4PSP data
tsks-file-description A tsks file extension is related to the XviD4PSP software for Microsoft Windows.

tsl-file-extension
tsl-file-description Cenix audio
tsl-file-description A tsl file extension is related to the Cenix audio devices and used for its audio files.

tsm-file-extension
tsm-file-description Turbo Assembler for OS/2 manual file format
tsm-file-description A tsm file extension is related to Turbo Assembler for OS/2 programming package.A .tsm file contains various data saved in the Turbo Assembler for OS/2 manual file format.

tsmabrev-file-extension
tsmabrev-file-description Unknown file extension
tsmabrev-file-description Files with tsmabrev file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tsmagenda-file-extension
tsmagenda-file-description TSM Agenda data
tsmagenda-file-description A tsmagenda file extension is related to the TSM Agenda software for Windows.

tsn-file-extension
tsn-file-description RatLab toolkit data
tsn-file-description A tsn file extension is related to the RatLab toolkit and used for its data files.

tso-file-extension
tso-file-description NX2 file 3D faceted spacial volume data
tso-file-description A tso file extension is related to the NX software from Siemens. A tso file contains 3D Faceted Spacial Volume data.

tsp-file-extension
tsp-file-description Microsoft Windows Telephony Service Provider settings
tsp-file-description Files with tsp file extension could be found in older version of Microsoft Windows as Telephony Service Provider configuration files.

tsproj-file-extension
tsproj-file-description Ashampoo Translation Studio project
tsproj-file-description A tsproj file extension is associated with the Ashampoo Translation Studio and used for its projects.

tspub-file-extension
tspub-file-description Windows Server Terminal Services RemoteApp data
tspub-file-description A tspub file extension is related to the Windows Server Terminal Services RemoteApp files.

tsq-file-extension
tsq-file-description ODBC script
tsq-file-description A tsq file extension is related to the ODBC programming language. A tsq file stores script.

tsql-file-extension
tsql-file-description Microsoft SQL Server template
tsql-file-description Files with tsql file extension are associated with the Microsoft SQL Server templates.

tsr-file-extension
tsr-file-description TSR Launcher data
tsr-file-description A tsr file extension is related to the TSR Launcher for The Sims 3 life simulation computer game.

tss-file-extension
tss-file-description Team Sports Scheduling System project
tss-file-description A tss file extension is associated with the Team Sports Scheduling System program. A tss file contains project.

tst-file-extension
tst-file-description Assassins's Creed game data
tst-file-description There are 9 other file types  usingthe TST file extension!

tstream-file-extension
tstream-file-description SwarmPlayer video stream control data
tstream-file-description Files with tstream file extension can be found as Swarm videos that can be streamed using web browser with SwarmPlugin installed.

tsv-file-extension
tsv-file-description Tab Separated Values
tsv-file-description Files with tsv extension can be generally found as special data  in the Tab Separated Values format.

tsw-file-extension
tsw-file-description NI TestStand workspace
tsw-file-description A tsw file extension is related to the NI TestStand development environment. A tsw file stores workspace data.

tsx-file-extension
tsx-file-description Team Sports Scheduling System XML project
tsx-file-description Files with tsx file extension can be usually encountered as XML projects made from Team Sports Scheduling System.

tsz-file-extension
tsz-file-description Trillian skin
tsz-file-description A tsz file extension is related to teh Trilian and used for its skin files.

ts_-file-extension
ts_-file-description Unknown file extension
ts_-file-description Files with ts_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tt-file-extension
tt-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio text template
tt-file-description Files with tt extension can be most often found as special text templates for Microsoft Visual Studio development software.

tt10-file-extension
tt10-file-description Intuit Turbotax 2010 tax return
tt10-file-description A tt10 file extension is related to the Intuit Turbotax (also known as QuickTax) and used for its 2010 tax return files.

tt11-file-extension
tt11-file-description TurboTax Canada 2011 tax return
tt11-file-description Files with tt11 file extension can be found as tax return data for year 2011 made using TurboTax Canada 2011 tax preparation software.

tt12-file-extension
tt12-file-description TurboTax 2012 tax return
tt12-file-description Files with tt12 file extension can be found as tax return data for the year 2012 prepared using TurboTax Canada 2012 tax and accounting software.

tt13-file-extension
tt13-file-description TurboTax 2013 tax return file
tt13-file-description Files with tt13 extension might be found as 2013 tax returns forms created in TurboTax accounting program.

tt14-file-extension
tt14-file-description TurboTax 2014 tax return data
tt14-file-description A tt14 file extension is related to the TurboTax, an accounting software for Windows and Mac. A tt14 file stores tax return data.

tt15-file-extension
tt15-file-description TurboTax 2015 tax return
tt15-file-description Files with tt15 file extension are typically tax return forms / data prepared using the TurboTax 2015 software.

tt16-file-extension
tt16-file-description TurboTax 2016 tax return
tt16-file-description Files with tt16 file extension are associated with the TurboTax 2016, a tax preparation and financial software for Microsoft Windows and macOS. A tt16 file contains tax return data.

tt17-file-extension
tt17-file-description TurboTax 2017 tax return file
tt17-file-description Files with tt17 file extension are related to the TurboTax 2017, a tax preparation and financial software for Microsoft Windows and macOS. A tt17 file contains tax return data.

tt18-file-extension
tt18-file-description TurboTax 2018 tax return
tt18-file-description Files with tt18 file extension are related to the TurboTax 2018, a tax preparation and financial software for Mac and Windows. A tt18 file contains tax return data, should be printed and mailed.

tt19-file-extension
tt19-file-description TurboTax 2019 tax return
tt19-file-description Files with tt19 file extension are related to the TurboTax 2019, a tax preparation and financial software for Mac and Windows. A .tt18 file contains tax return data, should be printed and mailed.

tt2-file-extension
tt2-file-description Microsoft Office 2013 installation
tt2-file-description A tt2 file extension is related to the Microsoft Office 2013 setup program. A tt2 file contains some kind of temporary installation data.

tt2012state-file-extension
tt2012state-file-description TurboTax 2012 state tax form
tt2012state-file-description Files with tt2012state file extension are related to the TurboTax 2012 state tax form.

tt2013state-file-extension
tt2013state-file-description TurboTax 2013 state tax form
tt2013state-file-description A tt2013state file extension is related to the TurboTax 2013 state tax form files.

tt2014state-file-extension
tt2014state-file-description TurboTax 2014 state tax form
tt2014state-file-description A tt2014state file extension is related to the TurboTax 2014 state tax forms.

tt2015state-file-extension
tt2015state-file-description TurboTax 2015 state tax form
tt2015state-file-description A tt2015state file extension is related to the TurboTax 2015 a tax preparation and financial system. A tt2015state file stores state tax form.

tt2016state-file-extension
tt2016state-file-description TurboTax 2016 state tax form
tt2016state-file-description A tt2016state file extension is related to the TurboTax 2015 a tax preparation and financial system. A tt2016state file stores state tax form.

tt2017state-file-extension
tt2017state-file-description TurboTax 2017 state tax form
tt2017state-file-description A tt2017state file extension is related to the TurboTax 2017 a tax preparation and financial system. A tt2017state file stores state tax form.

tt4-file-extension
tt4-file-description TemplateTale data
tt4-file-description A tt4 file extension is related to the TemplateTale temperature monitor. A tt4 file stores data.

tta-file-extension
tta-file-description TTA Lossless audio codec
tta-file-description Files with tta file extension can be mostly found as audio files saved in the lossless The True Audio codec.

ttarch-file-extension
ttarch-file-description Telltale Games game data
ttarch-file-description Files with ttarch file extension are generally game archives used in games produced by Telltale Games, such as Sam and Max.

ttarch2-file-extension
ttarch2-file-description The Walking Dead Season Two game data file
ttarch2-file-description A ttarch2 file extension is related to computer games developed by Telltale, Inc. and used for game data archives.

ttax-file-extension
ttax-file-description NEWTON Dictate transcription document
ttax-file-description Files with ttax file extension can be found as transcription documents (audio + text) saved in NEWTON Dictate transcription software.

ttbk-file-extension
ttbk-file-description TurboTax backup file
ttbk-file-description Files with ttbk extension are backup files created in 2010 version of TurboTax tak preparation software.

ttbl-file-extension
ttbl-file-description TTPlayer play list
ttbl-file-description A ttbl file extension is related to the TTPlayer and used for its player list files.

ttbs-file-extension
ttbs-file-description Microsoft PowerPoint for Mac toolbar file
ttbs-file-description Detailed description

ttcn-file-extension
ttcn-file-description TTCN-3 script
ttcn-file-description A ttcn file extension is related to the TTCN-3 scripting language and used for its script files.

ttd-file-extension
ttd-file-description Tinytag data log
ttd-file-description A ttd file extension is associated with the Tinytag data logging systems. A ttd file stores data log.

tte-file-extension
tte-file-description Microsoft Windows Private Character Editor data
tte-file-description A tte file extension is related to the Private Character Editor for Microsoft Windows. A tte file stores font character created in the Private Character Editor.

ttg-file-extension
ttg-file-description Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 data
ttg-file-description A ttg file extension is related to the Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 computer game. A ttg file contains various data.

tth-file-extension
tth-file-description Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines game data
tth-file-description A tth file extension is related to the Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines computer game. A tth file contains game data.

tti-file-extension
tti-file-description Beast Trojan data
tti-file-description A tti file extension is related to the Beast Trojan for Microsoft Windows. A tti file contains data.

ttinclude-file-extension
ttinclude-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio text template
ttinclude-file-description A ttinclude file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its text template.

ttk-file-extension
ttk-file-description Alchemy Catalyst Translation Toolkit data
ttk-file-description Files with ttk file extension might be found as some sort of projects from Catalyst Translation Toolkit  by Alchemy Software Development.

ttkgp-file-extension
ttkgp-file-description TatukGIS Editor project file
ttkgp-file-description Files with ttkgp extension are used by the TatukGIS Editor program. They include some project data.

ttl-file-extension
ttl-file-description Turtle Graphics data
ttl-file-description Files with ttl file extension can be mostly found as graphics file in Turtle format that is related to Logo programming language.

ttm-file-extension
ttm-file-description Tower Toppler level file
ttm-file-description Files with ttm extension are used for Tower Toppler PC game. They include level data.

ttml-file-extension
ttml-file-description THTML script
ttml-file-description A thtml file extension is related to the Tool Command Language and used for its source code files.

ttn-file-extension
ttn-file-description Bentley InRoads topologically triangulated network data
ttn-file-description Files with ttn file extension are related to the Bentley InRoads topologically triangulated network data.

tto-file-extension
tto-file-description Client access data specification
tto-file-description A tto file extension is related to the client access data specification from AS/400 Server.

ttp-file-extension
ttp-file-description Atari Falcon application
ttp-file-description A ttp file extension is associated with the TOS operating system for Atari Falcon. A ttp file stores app for TOS, or MutliTOS system.

ttpkg-file-extension
ttpkg-file-description TomTom Navigator map
ttpkg-file-description Files with ttpkg extension can be usually encountered as map files from TomTom Navigator.

ttpl-file-extension
ttpl-file-description TTPlayer play list
ttpl-file-description A ttpl file extension is related to the TTPlayer, a multimedia playback program. A ttpl file stores playlist.

tts-file-extension
tts-file-description TrueTime session data
tts-file-description Files with tts extension can be often encountered as saved simulation sessions from TrueTime simulator for real-time control systems.

ttsm-file-extension
ttsm-file-description TTS Turbo Macros data
ttsm-file-description A ttsm file extension is related to the TTS Turbo Macros data format.

ttsystem-file-extension
ttsystem-file-description TomTom GO patch
ttsystem-file-description Files with ttsystem file extension are used to update system in TomTom GO devices.

ttt-file-extension
ttt-file-description TestTrack Pro database
ttt-file-description Files with ttt file extension can be usually encountered as databases from the TestTrack app.

ttv-file-extension
ttv-file-description TempTale Manager Desktop data
ttv-file-description A ttv file extension is related to the TempTale Manager Desktop and used for its data files.

ttvf-file-extension
ttvf-file-description PlainTalk Voice data
ttvf-file-description A ttvf file extension is related to the PlainTalk and used for its data files.

ttx-file-extension
ttx-file-description Crystal Reports data connection
ttx-file-description Files with ttx extension are mainly related to the Crystal Reports, a dynamic electronic reports generator developed by SAP AG. A ttx file contains stores connection data.

ttxt-file-extension
ttxt-file-description Apple SimpleText data
ttxt-file-description A ttxt file extension is related to the Apple SimpleText and used for its data files.

tty-file-extension
tty-file-description Adobe Dreamweaver data
tty-file-description A tty file extension is related to the Adobe Dreamweaver, a web designing tool. A tty file stores data.

ttz-file-extension
ttz-file-description Vampire: The Masquerade game data
ttz-file-description A ttz file extension is related to Vampire: The Masquerade computer game. A ttz file stores some kind of game data.

tt_-file-extension
tt_-file-description Unknown file extension
tt_-file-description Files with tt_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tu-file-extension
tu-file-description Turing source code
tu-file-description A tu file extension is related to the Turing programming language. A tu file stores source code.

tu2006code-file-extension
tu2006code-file-description TuneUp data
tu2006code-file-description A tu2006code file extension is related to the TuneUp program.

tu2008code-file-extension
tu2008code-file-description TuneUp Utilities file
tu2008code-file-description Files with tu2008code file extension are related to the TuneUp Utilities software.

tu2009code-file-extension
tu2009code-file-description TuneUp Utilities file
tu2009code-file-description Files with tu2009code file extension are related to the TuneUp Utilities software for Windows.

tu2010code-file-extension
tu2010code-file-description TuneUp data
tu2010code-file-description A tu2010code file extension is related to the TuneUp software.

tu2011code-file-extension
tu2011code-file-description TuneUp data
tu2011code-file-description A tu2011code file extension is related to the TuneUp software for Microsoft Windows.

tu2012code-file-extension
tu2012code-file-description TuneUp Utilities file
tu2012code-file-description The tu2012code file extension is related to the TuneUp software for Windows.

tu2013code-file-extension
tu2013code-file-description TuneUp data
tu2013code-file-description A tu2013code file extension is related to the TuneUp software for Windows.

tu%3F-file-extension
tu%3F-file-description Standard mail archive
tu%3F-file-description A tu? file extension is related to the standard mail archive format. Obsolete file format.

tub-file-extension
tub-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro Picture Tube file
tub-file-description Files with tub extension are used for Corel Paint Shop Pro program. It allows you to create painted objects of many kinds.

tud-file-extension
tud-file-description ThumbsPlus graphics data
tud-file-description A tud file extension is related to the ThumbsPlus, a thumbnail editing software and used for its graphics files.

tudb-file-extension
tudb-file-description AVG PC TuneUp data
tudb-file-description An tudb file extension is related to the AVG PC TuneUp and used for its data files.

tue-file-extension
tue-file-description Mozilla Firefox bookmark backup
tue-file-description A tue file extension is related to the Mozilla Firefox bookmark backup format.

tui-file-extension
tui-file-description NI LabWindows user interface data
tui-file-description Files with tui file extension can be found as user interface files for NI LabWindows program.

tul-file-extension
tul-file-description Turbulance game data
tul-file-description Files with tul file extension can be found as game files from Turbulance game from Fishstick games.

tun-file-extension
tun-file-description FIFA World Cup data
tun-file-description Files with tun file extension are mainly data files from FIFA World Cup computer game.

tuneao-file-extension
tuneao-file-description Marathon 2 Aleph One file
tuneao-file-description Files with TUNEAO extension might be found resource data files from Marathon Aleph One game engine.

tur-file-extension
tur-file-description Turing program source code file
tur-file-description Files with tur extension are associated with Turing programming language.

turboc3-file-extension
turboc3-file-description Borland Turbo C makefile
turboc3-file-description Detailed description

tut-file-extension
tut-file-description Tutorial data
tut-file-description Files with tut file extension are known as tutorial files in several programs.

tuw-file-extension
tuw-file-description Microsoft Office data
tuw-file-description A tuw file extension is related to the Microsoft Office and used for its data files.

tv-file-extension
tv-file-description Corel Paradox table view settings file
tv-file-description Files with tv file extension can be found as some sort of settings from Corel Paradox relational database management system.

tv1-file-extension
tv1-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
tv1-file-description Files with tv1 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in the older versions of the program.

tv2-file-extension
tv2-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
tv2-file-description Files with tv2 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in the older versions of the program.

tv3-file-extension
tv3-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
tv3-file-description Files with tv3 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in the older versions of the program.

tv4-file-extension
tv4-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
tv4-file-description Files with tv4 extension are used by the Corel WordPerfect program.

tv5-file-extension
tv5-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow data
tv5-file-description Files with tv5 file extension can be sometimes found as some overflow files generated by earlier versions of Corel WordPerfect.

tv6-file-extension
tv6-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow data
tv6-file-description A tv6 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its overflow files.

tv7-file-extension
tv7-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow file
tv7-file-description Files with tv7 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They were used in the older versions of the program.

tv8-file-extension
tv8-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow data
tv8-file-description Files with tv8 file extension might be found as overflow data files from Corel WordPerfect word processor.

tv9-file-extension
tv9-file-description Corel WordPerfect overflow data
tv9-file-description A tv9 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its overflow data.

tva-file-extension
tva-file-description Truevision3D animated actor data
tva-file-description Files with tva file extension can be found as 3D graphics models made for the Truevision3D engine.

tvants-file-extension
tvants-file-description TVAnts data
tvants-file-description A tvants file extension is related to the TVAnts software for Windows.

tvc-file-extension
tvc-file-description IBM Lotus 1-2-3 table
tvc-file-description A tvc file extension is related to the IBM Lotus 1-2-3, a spreadsheet editing tool. A .tvc file stores table.

tvd-file-extension
tvd-file-description Apache Lucene term vector document
tvd-file-description A tvd file extension is related to the Apache Lucene and used for its term vector documents.

tvex-file-extension
tvex-file-description Apple QuickTime MoviePlayer plug-in file
tvex-file-description Files with tvex extension are related to Apple QuickTime program.

tvf-file-extension
tvf-file-description dBASE table view settings
tvf-file-description Files with tvf file extension can be mainly found as saved table view settings from dBase software.

tvg-file-extension
tvg-file-description Toon Boom vector graphics
tvg-file-description Files with tvg file extension can be mostly found as special vector graphics from Toon Boon animation studio.

tvi-file-extension
tvi-file-description Terminal Velocity animation data
tvi-file-description A tvi file extension is related to the Terminal Velocity video game for Windows, MS-DOS. A tvi file contains animation data.

tvix-file-extension
tvix-file-description DViCO TViX icon
tvix-file-description A file extension tvix is related to the DViCO and used for its icon files.

tvixie-file-extension
tvixie-file-description TViXiE effects
tvixie-file-description Files with tvixie file extension are related to TviXiE GUI builder. These files contain special effects that can be imported to supported media players.

tvl-file-extension
tvl-file-description TurboTax data
tvl-file-description A tvl file extension is associated with the TurboTax accounting software. A tvl file cotnains data.

tvlink-file-extension
tvlink-file-description Unknown file extension
tvlink-file-description Files with tvlink file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

tvm-file-extension
tvm-file-description The Tube data
tvm-file-description A tvm file extension is related to The Tube software. A tvm file contains data.

tvml-file-extension
tvml-file-description TV NOW Portable Video Recorder audio
tvml-file-description A tvml file extension is related to the the TV NOW Portable Video Recorder. A tvml file contains video data. Probably obsolete.

tvmw5-file-extension
tvmw5-file-description TMPGEnc data
tvmw5-file-description A tvmw5 file extension is associated with the TMPGEnc and used for its data files.

tvn-file-extension
tvn-file-description Yamaha Tyros 2 voice
tvn-file-description A tvn file extension is related to the Yamaha Tyros2 electronic keyboards. A tvn file stores recorded voice.

tvod-file-extension
tvod-file-description Apple QuickTime movie or JPEG picture file
tvod-file-description Detailed description

tvp-file-extension
tvp-file-description nVidia update data
tvp-file-description A tvp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows drivers for nVidia graphic cards.

tvpi-file-extension
tvpi-file-description TitanTV television listing data
tvpi-file-description A tvpi file extension is related to the TitanTV television listing data format.

tvr-file-extension
tvr-file-description Navicat for MySQL data
tvr-file-description Files with tvr extension can be mostly encountered as special data files generated for the internal purposes of the Navicat for MySQL database management tool for various platforms.

tvs-file-extension
tvs-file-description TeamViewer session data
tvs-file-description Files with tvs extension can be most often encountered as data (session) files from the TeamViewer remote desktop control app.

tvt-file-extension
tvt-file-description RealPlayer data
tvt-file-description A tvt file extension is related to the RealPlayer and used for its data files.

tvv-file-extension
tvv-file-description TV NOW Portable Video Recorder video format
tvv-file-description A tvv file extension is related to the TV NOW Portable Video Recorder. A tvv file contains recorded data.

tvvi-file-extension
tvvi-file-description TitanTV television listing data
tvvi-file-description A tvvi file extension is related to the TitanTV television listing data format.

tvx-file-extension
tvx-file-description Apache Lucene term vector index
tvx-file-description A tvx file extension is related to the Apache Luence, a text search engine library. A tvx file contains vector indexing data.

tw0-file-extension
tw0-file-description Native Instruments B4 II data
tw0-file-description A tw0 file extension is related to the Native Instruments B4 II data files.

twain-file-extension
twain-file-description Adobe Acrobat TWAIN 1.8 specification
twain-file-description A twain file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat and used for its TWAIN specification.

twbk-file-extension
twbk-file-description NanoDrop 2000/2000c Spectrophotometer workbook
twbk-file-description Files with twbk extension can be found as workbooks with data recorded using the NanoDrop 2000/2000c Spectrophotometer device.

twbx-file-extension
twbx-file-description Tableau packaged workbook
twbx-file-description Files with twbx extension are packaged workbooks from Tableau business analysis program.

twc-file-extension
twc-file-description Tripwire configuration data
twc-file-description A .twc file extension is related to the Tripwire computer security platform. A twc file stores configuration data.

twd-file-extension
twd-file-description MindMapper brainstorm and visual map
twd-file-description A twd file extension is associated with the MindMapper an idea visualization software. A twd file stores a brainstorm and visual map data.

twdi-file-extension
twdi-file-description ThinkWise fdocument
twdi-file-description The twdi file extension is associated with the ThinkWise from SimTech Systems, Inc.

twds-file-extension
twds-file-description ThinkWise data
twds-file-description A twds file extension is associated with the ThinkWise from SimTech Systems, Inc.

twdx-file-extension
twdx-file-description MindMapper document
twdx-file-description A twdx file extension is related to the MindMapper and used for its document files.

twe-file-extension
twe-file-description ThinkWave Educator data
twe-file-description A twe file extension is associated with the ThinkWave Educator service. A twe file stores internal data.

tweak-file-extension
tweak-file-description Tweaking.com - Add-ons Creator data
tweak-file-description A tweak file extension is related to the Tweaking.com - Add-ons Creator data format.

twf-file-extension
twf-file-description ArcView world coordinates file
twf-file-description A twf file extension is related to ArcView (also known as ArcGIS for Desktop). A twf file stores world coordinate information.

twg-file-extension
twg-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks trade waste data
twg-file-description A twg file extension is related to the CARE-S software. A twg file contains trade waste data.

twh-file-extension
twh-file-description Task Wheel project
twh-file-description A twh file extension is associated with the Task Wheel program and used for its project files.

twi-file-extension
twi-file-description SDDS Toolkit data
twi-file-description A twi file extension is related to the SDDS Toolkit and used for its data files.

twig-file-extension
twig-file-description Twig source data
twig-file-description Files with twig file extension can be found as scripts or source codes for Twig PHP template engine.

twiki-file-extension
twiki-file-description Eclipse IDE WikiText file
twiki-file-description Files with twiki extension are used by the Eclipse utility. They include some data for the Eclipse WikiText plug-in.

twk-file-extension
twk-file-description TweakS data
twk-file-description A twk file extension is related to the TweakS program for Symbian system. A twk file stores some kind of data used by TweakS.

twl-file-extension
twl-file-description Naviguide binary route data
twl-file-description Files with twl extension is related to the Naviguide and used for its binary route data.

twm-file-extension
twm-file-description TeamWORKS module launcher file
twm-file-description Files with twm extension are used for the TeamWORKS suite. They include module with TeamWorks application.

twn-file-extension
twn-file-description Scanner settings
twn-file-description Files with twn file extension might be found as setting files from some older scanner device.

twp-file-extension
twp-file-description Teamwork Planner project
twp-file-description A twp file extension is associated with the Teamwork Planner and used for its project files.

tws-file-extension
tws-file-description TextPad workspace
tws-file-description A tws file extension is related to the TextPad, a text editing tool. A tws file stores workspace.

twt-file-extension
twt-file-description Carmageddon 2: Carpocalyse Now saved game
twt-file-description A twt file extension is related to the Carmageddon 2: Carpocalyse Now and used for its saved game files.

twv-file-extension
twv-file-description VCM-ROM Linker voice data
twv-file-description A twv file extension is related to the VC-ROM Linker software. A twv file stores voice data.

tww-file-extension
tww-file-description Tagwrite template
tww-file-description Files with tww file extension can be found as templates for Tagwrite program.

twx-file-extension
twx-file-description IBM Business Process Manager application
twx-file-description A twx file extension is related to the IBM Business Process Manager software. A twx file contains application from this program.

twz-file-extension
twz-file-description theWord compressed module file
twz-file-description Files with twz extension are used by theWord application. They include some compressed module data.

twzip-file-extension
twzip-file-description theWord compressed module
twzip-file-description Files with twzip file extension can be found as compressed modules made in theWord program for Bible study.

tx-file-extension
tx-file-description Photoline 5 help data
tx-file-description A tx file extension is related to the Photoline an image processing tool. A tx file contains help data.

tx%24-file-extension
tx%24-file-description BitWare modem driver file
tx%24-file-description The tx$ file extension is related to the BitWare modem driver files.

tx0-file-extension
tx0-file-description Portable Radiation Package data
tx0-file-description An tx0 file extension is related to the Portable Radiation Package software. A tx0 file contains some kind of data.

tx2-file-extension
tx2-file-description Typequick fdata
tx2-file-description A tx2 file extension is related to the Typequick software for Windows.

tx3g-file-extension
tx3g-file-description MPEG-4 video
tx3g-file-description A tx3g file extension is related to the some kind of MPEG-4 video format.

tx8-file-extension
tx8-file-description 8-bit DOS ASCII text
tx8-file-description A tx8 file extension is related to the 8-bit DOS ASCII text file format.

tx%3F-file-extension
tx%3F-file-description LoseThos text document
tx%3F-file-description Files with tx? extension might be found as text files from LoseThos program.

txa-file-extension
txa-file-description Clarion exported to text format
txa-file-description Files with txa file extension can be found as text files exported from Clarion software.

txb-file-extension
txb-file-description Fifa 2001 data environment
txb-file-description A txb file extension is related to the FIFA 2001, a soccer simulation. A txb file stores some kind of environment data.

txc-file-extension
txc-file-description Urban Chaos game data
txc-file-description A txc file extension is related to the Urban Chaos video game. A txc file stores some kind of game data.

txd-file-extension
txd-file-description RenderWare texture dictionary
txd-file-description Files with txd suffix can be usually found as texture dictionaries from RenderWare video gaming engine from Criterion Software.

txe-file-extension
txe-file-description Enriched text file
txe-file-description Files with txe suffix can be mostly found as special formatted e-mail documents saved in the Enriched Text File format.

txf-file-extension
txf-file-description Tax Exchange Format
txf-file-description A txf file extension is related to the Tax Exchange Format used by various tax preparation and accounting software.

txh-file-extension
txh-file-description Light markup language text file
txh-file-description Files with txh extension are used as a text file including a light markup language.

txi-file-extension
txi-file-description KOTOR2 game file
txi-file-description Files with txi extension are used by Knights of the Old Republic 2 computer game. They store some game archives including graphics.

txk-file-extension
txk-file-description Karaoke song lyrics
txk-file-description Files with txk suffix may be sometimes found as text files that contain lyrics for some karaoke program or device.

txl-file-extension
txl-file-description TXL programming language source code
txl-file-description A txl file extension is associated with the TXL programming language source code format.

txm-file-extension
txm-file-description trakAx Mixer configuration data
txm-file-description A txm file extension is related to the trakAx Mixer, a video editing tool and used for its configuration data.

txml-file-extension
txml-file-description commerce eXtensible Markup Language
txml-file-description A txml file extension is related to the commerce eXtensible Markup Language file format.

txn-file-extension
txn-file-description MySpace IM log
txn-file-description Files with txn file extension are related to the MySpace IM, an instant messaging client. A txn file contains log.

txo-file-extension
txo-file-description Panda3D texture object
txo-file-description Files with txo file extension might be found as texture format from Panda3D game engine.

txp-file-extension
txp-file-description Tweaking Toolbox XP import/export settings
txp-file-description A txp file extension is related to the Tweaking Toolbox XP and used for its import/export setting files.

txp4-file-extension
txp4-file-description TMPGEnc project
txp4-file-description A txp4 file extension is related to the TMPGEnc and used for its project files.

txr-file-extension
txr-file-description CorelDraw custom data
txr-file-description A txr file extension is related to the CorelDraw, a vector-based graphics editing tool. A txr file stores custom settings.

txs-file-extension
txs-file-description Beast Trojan data
txs-file-description A txs file extension is related to the Beast Trojan data.

txss-file-extension
txss-file-description LaTeX document
txss-file-description Files with txss file extension are related to the LaTeX document format.

txt12-file-extension
txt12-file-description IRI Scouting Database XML data
txt12-file-description A txt12 file extension is related to the IRI Scouting Database format.

txt7-file-extension
txt7-file-description e-Book
txt7-file-description A txt7 file extension is related to the eBook file format that uses 7-Zip compression.

txtc-file-extension
txtc-file-description e-Book
txtc-file-description A txtc file extension is related to the e-Book format that is used Microsoft Cabinet compression.

txtdt-file-extension
txtdt-file-description TitleWriter DVD text data
txtdt-file-description A txtdt file extension is related to the TitleWriter and used for its DVD text data files.

txtenx-file-extension
txtenx-file-description Egis encrypted TXT file
txtenx-file-description Files with txtenx extension are used for Egis. This software allows users to secure their files better.

txtr-file-extension
txtr-file-description The Sims texture
txtr-file-description Files with txtr file extension can be found as textures from The Sims computer game series.

txtrpt-file-extension
txtrpt-file-description ATCLite report file
txtrpt-file-description Files with txtrpt extension are used by the ATCLite reporting software. They can be easily converted into MS Word file format.

txtz-file-extension
txtz-file-description eBook
txtz-file-description Files with txtz file extension can be mostly found as eBooks in special ZIP compressed TXT format.

txu-file-extension
txu-file-description cncCUT program text
txu-file-description Files with txu file extension can be found as program localization text files from cncCUT CNC program.

txv-file-extension
txv-file-description RapidReader TextVision data
txv-file-description A file suffix txv is related to the RapidReader TextVision data format.

txw-file-extension
txw-file-description Yamaha TX-16W wave data
txw-file-description A txw file extension is related to 12-bit audio wave format used by Yamaha TX-16W sampler for audio samples.

txx-file-extension
txx-file-description Insight Segmentation and Registration Toolkit data
txx-file-description Files with xxx extension are mostly related to the Insight Segmentation and Registration Toolkit and used for its class definition files.

txz-file-extension
txz-file-description XZ compressed TAR archive
txz-file-description A txz file extension is related to the TAR archive format compressed with XZ utilities included in Slackware Linux.

tx_-file-extension
tx_-file-description Compressed txt file
tx_-file-description Files with tx_ extension are used for Microsfot Makecab utility. They are some archive files.

tx%7E-file-extension
tx%7E-file-description Compressed txt file
tx%7E-file-description Detailed description

ty-file-extension
ty-file-description TiVo video stream
ty-file-description A ty file extension is related to the TiVo a video digital recorder. A ty file stores video stream.

tydsp-file-extension
tydsp-file-description XWE data
tydsp-file-description A tydsp file extension is related to the XWE software for Windows.

tyimport-file-extension
tyimport-file-description Typinator imported set data
tyimport-file-description A tyimport file extension is related to Typinator, a text editing software for Mac and used for its imported set files.

tym-file-extension
tym-file-description Adobe PageMaker time stamp
tym-file-description A tym file extension is related to the Adobe PageMaker and used for its time stamp files.

type-file-extension
type-file-description Amiga font
type-file-description Files with type file extension are fonts from Amiga platform. Most like bitmap based.

typeit4me-file-extension
typeit4me-file-description TypeIt4Me clippings file
typeit4me-file-description Detailed description

tyset-file-extension
tyset-file-description Typinator set file
tyset-file-description The .tyset file extension is related to the Typinator text editor for Mac and used for its set files.

tz-file-extension
tz-file-description TAR.Z compressed file archive
tz-file-description Files with tz suffix can be usually encountered as archives compressed with the TAR.Z method (TAR and Compress).

tzb-file-extension
tzb-file-description TAR.Z.btoa compressed file archive (TAR - Compress - Btoa)
tzb-file-description A tzb file extension is related to the TAR.Z.btoa compressed file archive (TAR - Compress - Btoa).

tzd-file-extension
tzd-file-description Netscape Communicator data
tzd-file-description A tzd file extension is related to the Netscape Communicator an Internet Suite.

tzi-file-extension
tzi-file-description Microsoft Windows CE time zone information data
tzi-file-description A tzi file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows CE and used for its time zone information files.

tzip-file-extension
tzip-file-description Tzip archive
tzip-file-description Files with tzip file extension can be found as archives made in Tzip utility.

tzp-file-extension
tzp-file-description TrueZIP ecnrypted JAR Java archive
tzp-file-description A tzp file extension is related to the TrueZIP encrypted JAR Java archive file format.

tzs-file-extension
tzs-file-description TUGZip script
tzs-file-description A tzs file extension is related to the TUGZip compression tool.

tzx-file-extension
tzx-file-description ZX Spectrum tape image poke
tzx-file-description A tzx file extension is related to tape image poke files used by some emulators of ZX Spectrum family of computers developed by Sinclair Research.

tzxsrt1-file-extension
tzxsrt1-file-description TurboZIP data
tzxsrt1-file-description A tzxsrt1 file extension is related to the TurboZIP and used for its data files.

tzxsrt2-file-extension
tzxsrt2-file-description TurboZIP file
tzxsrt2-file-description The tzxsrt2 file extension is related to the TurboZIP software for Windows.

u3d-file-extension
u3d-file-description Universal 3D format graphics

uax-file-extension
uax-file-description Unreal audio package

uif-file-extension
uif-file-description MagicISO Universal Image Format

upd-file-extension
upd-file-description Update data

upg-file-extension
upg-file-description Firmware upgrade

usr-file-extension
usr-file-description User specific settings

u-file-extension
u-file-description Subsampled raw YUV bitmap image
u-file-description Files with u file suffix are associated with the Subsampled raw YUV bitmap image format.

u00-file-extension
u00-file-description Commodore C64 universal data
u00-file-description An u00 file extension is related to the Commodore C64 universal file format.

u01-file-extension
u01-file-description Barudan embroidery data
u01-file-description Files with u01 file extension can be generally found as embroidery designs saved in Barudan embroidery graphics format.

u08-file-extension
u08-file-description UFile data
u08-file-description A u08 file extension is related to the UFile, a tax preparation program.

u10-file-extension
u10-file-description UFile 2010 tax return file
u10-file-description Files with u10 extension are used by UFile accounting program. They include saved tax data.

u11-file-extension
u11-file-description UFile 2011 tax return file
u11-file-description Files with u11 extension are used for an on-line accounting. These files contain return tax data.

u12-file-extension
u12-file-description UFile 2012 tax return
u12-file-description A u12 file extension is related to the UFile, an accounting software. A u12 file stores tax return data.

u14-file-extension
u14-file-description Embird Embroidery Software data
u14-file-description An u14 file extension is related to the Embird Embroidery Software. An u14 file stores some kind of data.

u255law-file-extension
u255law-file-description Exponential 8-bit sound file
u255law-file-description Detailed description

u2car-file-extension
u2car-file-description NFS:U2 car data
u2car-file-description Files with u2car extension are modded cars for Need for Speed: Underground 2 computer game.

u32-file-extension
u32-file-description Adobe Authorware cover
u32-file-description A u32 file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a developing tool. A u32 file stores cover data.

u3i-file-extension
u3i-file-description U3 application information file
u3i-file-description Files with u3i extension are associated with U3 Launcher program. They are used to describe U3 applications.

u3p-file-extension
u3p-file-description U3 Platform install data
u3p-file-description Files with u9 file extension can be found as installation files from U3 platform. Basically a ZIP archive.

u8-file-extension
u8-file-description Lemings 3D audio data
u8-file-description A u8 file extension is related to the audio data format used by Lemmings 3D.

u96-file-extension
u96-file-description EasyZip temporary data
u96-file-description A u96 file extension is related to the EasyZip and used for its temporary data.

u98-file-extension
u98-file-description USA 98 Streets & Destinations tour data
u98-file-description A u98 file extension is related to the USA 98 Streets & Destinations tour data format.

uae-file-extension
uae-file-description WinUAE configuration data
uae-file-description A uae file extension is related to the WinUAE emulation software. A uae file contains configuration data.

ual-file-extension
ual-file-description Entrust unattended login credentials
ual-file-description Files with ual file extension are unattended login credentials from Entrust.

uap-file-extension
uap-file-description WAP user agent profile
uap-file-description A uap file extension is related to the WAP user agent profile file format.

uaq-file-extension
uaq-file-description Microsoft Windows action queue file
uaq-file-description Files with uaq extension are used for the Microsoft Windows Vista and Windows 7. They contain internal purposes data of the system.

uar-file-extension
uar-file-description Uniface deployment archive
uar-file-description Files with uar file extension are related to the Uniface deployment archives.

uas-file-extension
uas-file-description Ulead PhotoImpact backup
uas-file-description A uas file extension is associated with the Ulead PhotoImpact and used for its backup files.

uasset-file-extension
uasset-file-description UnrealEd resource
uasset-file-description Files with uasset file extension can be most often encountered as part of UnrealEd, a level editor for computer games based on Unreal Engine.

uav-file-extension
uav-file-description OpenPilot UAV settings
uav-file-description An uav file extension is related to the OpenPilot and used for settings files.

ub-file-extension
ub-file-description 8-bit Unsigned byte RAW data
ub-file-description Files with ub file extension can be mostly found as older audio files in 8-bit RAW format.

ub1-file-extension
ub1-file-description X-Driven DRS-1100 recorded video file
ub1-file-description Files with ub1 file extension can be found as videos recorded using the X-Driver DRS-1100 camcorder.

ubb-file-extension
ubb-file-description BEA eLink Adapter configuration data
ubb-file-description Files with ubb file extension might be found as old configuration files for BEA eLink Adapters. Used in Windows NT.

ubd-file-extension
ubd-file-description BASIC UBAS file
ubd-file-description A ubd file extension is related to the BASIC programming language.

ubf-file-extension
ubf-file-description MXT3010 Universal Boot Format
ubf-file-description A ubf file extension is related to the MXT3010 Universal Boot Format, developed by Marker Communication.

ubi-file-extension
ubi-file-description Ubisoft logo animation
ubi-file-description An ubi file extension is related to the Ubisoft logo animation file format.

ubifs-file-extension
ubifs-file-description Linux UBIFS image
ubifs-file-description A ubifs file extension is related to the Linux operating system. A ubifs file contains disk image.

ubj-file-extension
ubj-file-description Universal Binary JSON format
ubj-file-description Files with ubj file extension can be found as as settings in Universal Binary JSON format. Used mostly on internet.

ubk-file-extension
ubk-file-description Embiid e-book
ubk-file-description Files with ubk file extension might be found as older e-books in Embiid proprietary format.

ubl-file-extension
ubl-file-description DM35x user boot loader data
ubl-file-description An ubl file extension is related to the DM35x multimedia chipset. An ubl file contains user boot loader data.

ubm-file-extension
ubm-file-description iPhoto mtwain install data
ubm-file-description A ubm file extension is related to the Apple iPhoto and used for its mtwain install files.

ubot-file-extension
ubot-file-description UBot project
ubot-file-description A ubot file extension is related to the UBot project file format.

ubox-file-extension
ubox-file-description Universe Sandbox saved data file
ubox-file-description Files with ubox extension are used by the Universe Sandbox software. They contain XML data stored in simple text format.

ubr-file-extension
ubr-file-description IIS WCAT configuration
ubr-file-description A ubr file extension is related to the IIS WCAT configuration files.

ubs-file-extension
ubs-file-description Tracesrv Bugslayer utility data
ubs-file-description A ubs file extension is related to the Bugslayer and used for its data files.

ubu-file-extension
ubu-file-description AMI UEFI BIOS update
ubu-file-description An ubu file extension is related to the AMI UEFI BIOS update format.

ubx-file-extension
ubx-file-description u-center UBX GPS log data
ubx-file-description An ubx file extension is related to the u-center UBX GPS log data file format.

ubz-file-extension
ubz-file-description Open-Sankore document
ubz-file-description Files with ubz file extension are used by Open-Sankore program for its documents.

uc-file-extension
uc-file-description UnrealScript class
uc-file-description Files with uc extension can be some computer games based on Unreal Engine. Used for scripting purposes.

uc2-file-extension
uc2-file-description UltraCompressor II compressed archive
uc2-file-description A uc2 file extension is related to the UltraCompressor II compressed archive format.

ucb-file-extension
ucb-file-description Unstoppable Copier batch scirpt
ucb-file-description A ucb file extension is related to the Unstoppable Copier. A ucb file stores batch sequence.

uccapilog-file-extension
uccapilog-file-description Microsoft Windows Live Messenger UCC API log
uccapilog-file-description A uccapilog file extension was generally associated with Microsoft Windows Live Messenger and used for logging purposes. Plain text files, uccapilog files can be viewed in simple Windows Notepad.

ucd-file-extension
ucd-file-description Prosa diagram
ucd-file-description A ucd file extension is related to the Prosa UML modeler. A ucd file contains diagram.

uce-file-extension
uce-file-description Microsoft Windows XP system32 data
uce-file-description A uce file extension is associated with the Microsoft Windows XP operating system. A uce file contains system32 data.

ucf-file-extension
ucf-file-description WebEx media data
ucf-file-description A ucf file extension is associated with the WebEx an online phone and video conferencing app. A ucf file stores rich media content created by other apps.

uci-file-extension
uci-file-description UFS Explorer backup file
uci-file-description Files with uci extension are used as a compresssed disk image file format. They include many backups data.

ucl-file-extension
ucl-file-description Unreal Tournament cache
ucl-file-description A ucl file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament first person shooting computer game series. A ucl file contains data cache.

ucls-file-extension
ucls-file-description ObjectAid UML Explorer class diagram
ucls-file-description Files with ucls extension are mainly related to the ObjectAid UML Explorer and used for its class diagram files.

ucm-file-extension
ucm-file-description Urban Chaos game data
ucm-file-description A ucm file extension is related to the Urban Chaos video game. A ucm file contains game data.

ucmd-file-extension
ucmd-file-description Unknown file extension
ucmd-file-description A ucmd file extension is related to unknown software.

ucn-file-extension
ucn-file-description U-Act Configurator configuration storage
ucn-file-description Files with ucn file extension might be found as configuration storage files from U-Act software by Unisys.

ucp-file-extension
ucp-file-description Uniformity Correction Parameters data
ucp-file-description A ucp file extension is related to the Uniformity Correction Parameters file format used by Xinapse Systems Ltd.

ucr-file-extension
ucr-file-description MicroSim PCBoard unrouted nets report
ucr-file-description A ucr file extension is related to the MicroSim PCBoard unrouted nets report files.

ucs-file-extension
ucs-file-description Homeworld localized unicode strings
ucs-file-description A ucs file extension is related to the Homeworld and other computer games developed by Relic and used for their localized unicode strings.

ucsettings-file-extension
ucsettings-file-description Universal Converter settings file
ucsettings-file-description Detailed description

uct-file-extension
uct-file-description Ultrasound Computed Tomography data
uct-file-description A uct file extension is related to the Ultrasound Computed Tomography data format.

ucv-file-extension
ucv-file-description Universal Converter conversion data
ucv-file-description A ucv file extension is related to the Universal Converter conversion data format. It is obsolete.

ucx-file-extension
ucx-file-description Rational XDE data
ucx-file-description A uxc file extension is related to the IBM Rational XDE, a development tool for various platforms. A uxc file contains data.

uc_-file-extension
uc_-file-description Unknown file extension
uc_-file-description Files with uc_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ud-file-extension
ud-file-description OmniPage user dictionary
ud-file-description Files with ud extension are used by the OmniPage as it's various data files.

uda-file-extension
uda-file-description ZEMAX model data
uda-file-description A uda file extension is related to the ZEMAX an optical and illumination design software. A uda file stores model data.

udb-file-extension
udb-file-description Microsoft Works data
udb-file-description A udb file extension is related to the Microsoft Works office suite.

udc-file-extension
udc-file-description Adobe user dictionary data
udc-file-description Files with udc file extension can be found as part of Adobe products. User word dictionary files.

udcx-file-extension
udcx-file-description Microsoft Office Universal Data Connection format
udcx-file-description A udcx file extension is associated with the Universal Data Connection format from Microsoft and used by various Microsoft Office programs.

udd-file-extension
udd-file-description OllyDbg module information
udd-file-description A udd file extension is related to the OllyDbg module information format.

udeb-file-extension
udeb-file-description Debian Linux package
udeb-file-description A udeb file extension is related to the Debian Linux package format.

udf-file-extension
udf-file-description Universal Disk Format image
udf-file-description Files with udf file extension can mostly be found as disk images saved in the Universal Disk Format. Used to backup physical discs.

udg-file-extension
udg-file-description uDraw(Graph) data
udg-file-description An udg file extension is related to the uDraw(Graph).

udi-file-extension
udi-file-description CorelDRAW draw script textures bitmap
udi-file-description A udi file extension is related to the CorelDRAW draw script textures bitmap file format.

udid-file-extension
udid-file-description Google Android Unique Device IDentifier
udid-file-description An udid file extension is related to the Google Android operating system. An udid file stores Unique Device IDentifier data.

udif-file-extension
udif-file-description Apple Mac Universal Disk Image Format
udif-file-description A udif file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X operating system. A udif file stores data in Universal Disk Image Format.

udk-file-extension
udk-file-description Unreal map
udk-file-description The udk file extension is related to the Unreal engine. The udk file contains map data.

udl-file-extension
udl-file-description Microsoft Data Link
udl-file-description A udl file extension is related to the Microsoft Data Link used by Microsoft Data Access Components (MDAC).

udm-file-extension
udm-file-description MapView user module
udm-file-description A udm file extension is related to the MapView Virtual Gaming System.

udo-file-extension
udo-file-description Moray UDO 3D data
udo-file-description A udo file extension is related to the Moray modeler for Windows. A udo file contains 3D data.

udp-file-extension
udp-file-description Corel VideoStudio scene information
udp-file-description A udp file extension is related to the Corel VideoStudio a video editing tool. A udp file stores information about scenes.

udr-file-extension
udr-file-description Jade Unstructured Data Resource
udr-file-description A udr file extension is related to the Jade Unstructured Data Resource file format.

uds-file-extension
uds-file-description FIMware database
uds-file-description A .uds file extension is related to the FIMware (FIM System) and used for its database files.

udstate-file-extension
udstate-file-description Motorola Media Finder data
udstate-file-description An udstate file extension is related to the Motorola Media Finder a tool used by some Motorola cell phones.

udt-file-extension
udt-file-description User defined type data
udt-file-description Generally udt file extension is an unofficial file extension used by many software developers to store data for their programs. An udt file can be also related to VisiLogic Utilities and udt file is created by the SD Tools.

udw-file-extension
udw-file-description Raw Unsigned DoubleWord (32-bit) data
udw-file-description Files with udw file extension can mainly be found as 32-bit RAW audio files.

udx-file-extension
udx-file-description PI Expert Design Software data
udx-file-description Files with udx suffix may be mostly found as data files from the PI Expert Design software.

udz-file-extension
udz-file-description UDA ConstructionSuite data
udz-file-description Files with udz file extension are related ot the UDA ConstructionSuite data format.

uea-file-extension
uea-file-description Protector Suite QL data
uea-file-description A uea file extension is related to the Protector Suite QL security software and used for its security files.

ueaf-file-extension
ueaf-file-description Upek protected single data
ueaf-file-description A ueaf file extension is related to security applications developed by Upek. A ueaf file stores protected data.

uec-file-extension
uec-file-description UltraEdit settings
uec-file-description Files with uec file extension are related to the UltraEdit text editor. A uec file contains settings.

ueed-file-extension
ueed-file-description Uconomix Encryption Engine encrypted directory
ueed-file-description A ueed file extension is related to the Uconomix Encryption Engine and used for its encrypted directory.

uef-file-extension
uef-file-description Unified Emulator Format
uef-file-description Files with uef file extension can be typically found as special compressed packages in Unified Emulator Format. Used for Acorn computers and their emulators.

uel-file-extension
uel-file-description Tekla Structures custom components data
uel-file-description A uel file extension is related to the Tekla Structures custom components data format.

uem-file-extension
uem-file-description LDC region data
uem-file-description A uem file extension is related to LDC ( Linguistic Data Consortium) file format. A uem file stores information about regions that are to be scored in the LDC AIF audio file.

uenc-file-extension
uenc-file-description UltraEdit encrypted text
uenc-file-description A uenc file extension is related to the UltraEdit, a source code editor for various platforms. A uenc file contains encrypted text.

ues-file-extension
ues-file-description Ulead Photo Explorer slide show file
ues-file-description Files with ues extension are used for Ulead Photo Explorer program. They include graphics data.

uew-file-extension
uew-file-description UltraEdit wordfile
uew-file-description A uew file extension is related to the UltraEdit text editing tool developed by IDM Computer Solutions.

uez-file-extension
uez-file-description Ulead COOL 3D graphics file
uez-file-description Files with uez extension are used for the Ulead COOL 3D application. They include graphic image files saved in thi software.

uf-file-extension
uf-file-description Crestron SIMPL+ X generation compiled data
uf-file-description A uf file extension is related to the SIMPL+ for SIMPL Windows programming tool. A uf file contains generation compiled data.

ufa-file-extension
ufa-file-description GIF Animator animation object information
ufa-file-description A ufa file extension is associated with the GIF Animator animation object information format.

ufc-file-extension
ufc-file-description SATURN Suite data
ufc-file-description Files with ufc extension can be most often encountered as data files from the Simulation and Assignment of Traffic to Urban Road Networks software.

ufdl-file-extension
ufdl-file-description Universal Forms Description Language file
ufdl-file-description Detailed description

ufdr-file-extension
ufdr-file-description UFED Physical Analyzer report package
ufdr-file-description Files with ufdr file extension can be usually found as forensic report packages from UFED Physical Analyzer mobile phones forensic app for Windows.

uff-file-extension
uff-file-description DataWave SciWorks physiological data
uff-file-description A uff file extension is related to the DataWave SciWorks physiological data file format.

ufi-file-extension
ufi-file-description UFOCaptureV2 data
ufi-file-description A ufi file extension is related to the UFOCaptureV2 program. A ufi file contains data.

ufm-file-extension
ufm-file-description Unicode TrueType font
ufm-file-description An ufm file extension is related to the Unicode TrueType font format.

ufo-file-extension
ufo-file-description Ulead PhotoImpact object
ufo-file-description A ufo file extension is related to Ulead PhotoImpact photo editing software for Microsoft Windows. A ufo file stores Ulead PhotoImpact objects.

ufp-file-extension
ufp-file-description Ulead photo project
ufp-file-description Files with ufp suffix are old projects created and saved using Ulead PhotImpact photo editor. It was discontinued long ago.

ufr-file-extension
ufr-file-description Ultra Fractal fractal data
ufr-file-description A ufr file extension is related to the Ultra Fractal a fractal arts creator. A ufr file stores fractal art.

ufraw-file-extension
ufraw-file-description UFRaw data
ufraw-file-description A ufraw file extension is related to the UFRaw a tool for Windows, Mac and Linux.

ufs-file-extension
ufs-file-description FreeBSD PC-BSD Unix File System data
ufs-file-description A ufs file extension is related to the PC-BSD operating system for IBM-PC computers.

ufs.uzip-file-extension
ufs.uzip-file-description FreeBSD Compressed Unix File System file
ufs.uzip-file-description Files with ufs.uzip extension are used for FreeBSD OS. They include system data information.

ufx-file-extension
ufx-file-description Ultimate 3D game engine material data
ufx-file-description Files with ufx file extension are associated with the Ultimate 3D game engine material data format.

uga-file-extension
uga-file-description Ulead GIF Animator data
uga-file-description A uga file extension is related to the Ulead GIF Animator and used for its data files.

ugc-file-extension
ugc-file-description Ace of Spades game data
ugc-file-description A ugc file extension is related to the Ace of Spades game data format.

ugd-file-extension
ugd-file-description Need for Speed Underground game data
ugd-file-description The ugd file extension is related to the Need for Speed Underground car racing game.

ugf-file-extension
ugf-file-description Go game data
ugf-file-description Files with ugf file extension might be found as saved Go games.

ugi-file-extension
ugi-file-description MultiGo game data
ugi-file-description A ugi file extension is associated with the MultiGo, video game and used for its game data files.

ugoira-file-extension
ugoira-file-description pixiv ugoira animated image
ugoira-file-description Files with ugoira file extension are related to the pixiv ugoira animated image format.

ugp-file-extension
ugp-file-description Aroma unit genome position data
ugp-file-description A ugp file extension is associated with the Aroma unit genome position data format.

ugr-file-extension
ugr-file-description Apophysis gradient data
ugr-file-description An ugr file extension is related to the Apophysis and used for its gradient files.

ugs-file-extension
ugs-file-description Unknown file extension
ugs-file-description Files with ugs file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ugz-file-extension
ugz-file-description MultiGo compressed game data
ugz-file-description Files with ugz file extension are associated with the MultiGo compressed game data.

uha-file-extension
uha-file-description UHARC compressed archive
uha-file-description Files with uha file extension can be usually found as compressed archives in UHARC archive format.

uhh-file-extension
uhh-file-description Eurotherm Hydra History encrypted data
uhh-file-description Files with uhh extension are encrypted files in Eurotherm Hydra History format. Used in Eurotherm products.

uhs-file-extension
uhs-file-description Universal Hint System binary data
uhs-file-description A uhs file extension is related to the Universal Hint System developed by Jason Strautman.

uhtm-file-extension
uhtm-file-description Unreal Tournament data
uhtm-file-description Files with uhtm file extension can be found as part of Unreal Tournament computer game. A uhtm file data.

uhtml-file-extension
uhtml-file-description UC Browser web document archive
uhtml-file-description Files with uhtml file extension can be usually found as web archives created using a web browser called UC Browser.

ui-file-extension
ui-file-description User Interface file
ui-file-description Files with ui suffix can be commonly found as various user interface settings. Used in many programs, but not standardized file type.

uibak-file-extension
uibak-file-description UltraISO backup disk image
uibak-file-description Files with uibak file extension can be usually found as disk image backups generated by UltraISO CD/DVD optical disks backup software.

uic-file-extension
uic-file-description COCO unit icon
uic-file-description A uic file extension is related to the COCO a simulation environment. A uic file contains data.

uid-file-extension
uid-file-description IBM Voice Type users file
uid-file-description Files with uid suffix can be most encountered as user data file from the IBM Voice Type software.

uid-zps-file-extension
uid-zps-file-description Zoner Photo Studio photo changes autobackup
uid-zps-file-description Files with uid-zps file extension can be usually found as one of the settings files for Zoner Photo Studio generated every time user edits a picture. Contains automatic backup of the edited picture.

uih-file-extension
uih-file-description Geoworks UI Compiler espire header data
uih-file-description A uih file extension is related to the Geoworks UI Compiler espire header files.

uil-file-extension
uil-file-description IBM AIX user interface Language data
uil-file-description A uil file extension is related to the IBM AIX operating system. A uil file stores language data for user interface.

uim-file-extension
uim-file-description Unknown file extension
uim-file-description No further information could be found.

uin-file-extension
uin-file-description ICQ 2001 saved ICQ contact information
uin-file-description Detailed description

uip-file-extension
uip-file-description Unknown file extension
uip-file-description Files with uip file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

uir-file-extension
uir-file-description LabWindows user interface resource data
uir-file-description An uir file extension is related to the LabWindows, an integrated development environment developed by National Instruments Corporation. An uir file stores user interface resource data.

uis-file-extension
uis-file-description WindowBlinds personality file
uis-file-description Files with uis extension are used by the SkinStudio and WindowsBlinds software.

uit-file-extension
uit-file-description UIX XML template
uit-file-description A uit file extension is related to the UIX XML template format.

uitest-file-extension
uitest-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
uitest-file-description A uitest file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool.

uix-file-extension
uix-file-description uiXML page file
uix-file-description Files with uix suffix are source files for UIX applications written in a special XML language.

uiz-file-extension
uiz-file-description Spybot Search & Destroy updater data
uiz-file-description A uiz file extension is related to the Spybot Search & Destroy, an app used to remove adware and spyware from computer. A uiz file stores some kind of update data.

uk-file-extension
uk-file-description English (British) language translation
uk-file-description A uk file extension is related to the English (British) language translation files.

uka-file-extension
uka-file-description Fifa World Cup game data
uka-file-description A uka file extension is related to teh FIFA World Cup video game. A uka file contains game data.

uke-file-extension
uke-file-description Ulead VideoStudio data
uke-file-description Files with uke file extension might be found as part of old Ulead VideoStudio software.

uko-file-extension
uko-file-description UK Offshore Operators Association (OKOOA) P1/90 data
uko-file-description Files with uko file extension might be found as GIS data files in UK Offshore Operators Association (OKOOA) P1/90 data format.

ukr-file-extension
ukr-file-description Adobe Acrobat language resource data
ukr-file-description A ukr file extension is related to the Adobe Acrobat application. A ukr file stores language resource.

uks-file-extension
uks-file-description Microsoft Works data
uks-file-description A uks file extension is related to the Microsoft Works suite. A uks file contains data.

ukx-file-extension
ukx-file-description Unreal Tournament animation
ukx-file-description A ukx file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament computer game and used for its animation files.

uky-file-extension
uky-file-description UltraMixer licence key
uky-file-description A uky file extension is related to the UltraMixer DJ software. A uky file stores registration data.

ul-file-extension
ul-file-description Windows Updates Downloader update list
ul-file-description Files with ul file extension are related to the Windows Updates Downloader software.

ulaw-file-extension
ulaw-file-description Raw CCITT/ITU G.711 US telephony audio format
ulaw-file-description Files with ulaw file extension can be usually found as old audio files saved in Raw CCITT/ITU G.711 US telephony audio format.

ulb-file-extension
ulb-file-description COBOL Unisys Library
ulb-file-description Files with ulb file extension are mostly known to be related for some sort of data file from Unisys COBOL.

ulc-file-extension
ulc-file-description RevaSoft ULC application
ulc-file-description Files with ulc file extension are associated with the RevaSoft ULC software. An ulc file contains application written for ULC.

uld-file-extension
uld-file-description Unified luminaire data file
uld-file-description Files with uld suffix can be mostly found as special light data files saved in Unified luminaire data format.

ulf-file-extension
ulf-file-description Universal list file
ulf-file-description Files with ulf extension are used as a formatted files in Universal List Format (ULF). They contain coordinates and vertexes.

ulg-file-extension
ulg-file-description ULG bitmap image
ulg-file-description Files with ulg extension are related to the ULG bitmap file format similar to JPEG file format.

uli-file-extension
uli-file-description Microsoft Office data
uli-file-description A file extension uli is related to the Microsoft Office an office suite for Microsoft Windows.

ulp-file-extension
ulp-file-description EAGLE script
ulp-file-description A ulp file extension is related to the EAGLE (Easily Applicable Graphical Layout Editor). A ulp file contains script created in the EAGLE.

uls-file-extension
uls-file-description NetMeeting user location service
uls-file-description Files with uls file extension are related to the NetMeeting user location service files.

ult-file-extension
ult-file-description Ultratracker music module
ult-file-description Files with ult file suffix are associated with the UltraTracker software and used for its music modules.

ulw-file-extension
ulw-file-description Raw CCITT/ITU G.711 US telephony audio
ulw-file-description A ulw file extension is related to the Raw CCITT/ITU G.711 US telephony audio format.

ulx-file-extension
ulx-file-description Glulx data
ulx-file-description A ulx file extension is related to the Glulx software and used for its data files.

ulys-file-extension
ulys-file-description Ulysses project
ulys-file-description A ulys file extension is related to the Ulysses, a text editor and used for its project files.

ulz-file-extension
ulz-file-description USBlyzer data capture
ulz-file-description A ulz file extension is related to the USBlyzer, a USB protocol analysis software. A ulz file contains captured data from USBlyzer.

um3-file-extension
um3-file-description XWE data
um3-file-description A um3 file extension is related to the XWE editing tool for Microsoft Windows.

um4-file-extension
um4-file-description Samsung Smart TV video
um4-file-description Files with um4 file extension can be usually encountered as 4k video recordings made with some Samsung Smart TV models.

umap-file-extension
umap-file-description Unreal Tournament map
umap-file-description A umap file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament, a 3D first person shooter video game for Mac, Windows and Linux. A umap file contains map data.

umb-file-extension
umb-file-description MemMaker backup
umb-file-description A umb file extension is related to the MemMaker a memory optimizing program included in MS-DOS. A umb file stores backup of configuration.

umc-file-extension
umc-file-description SIMPL application
umc-file-description A umc file extension is related to the SIMPL software and used for its application files.

umd-file-extension
umd-file-description UMD mobile e-book
umd-file-description A umd file extension is related to the e-book file format popular in Asian countries.

umf-file-extension
umf-file-description File transport data
umf-file-description Files with umf file suffix are related to the file transport data format.

umi-file-extension
umi-file-description Creative PlayCenter CDDB database
umi-file-description Files with umi file extension are related to the Creative PlayCenter CDDB databases.

uml-file-extension
uml-file-description Visual UML class diagram & model
uml-file-description Files with uml file extension can be found as UML class diagram & model files from Visual UML and perhaps other similar software.

umlclass-file-extension
umlclass-file-description Java UML class model
umlclass-file-description A umclass file extension is related to the Java programming language. A umclass file stores class model.

umlx-file-extension
umlx-file-description Visual UML XML model file
umlx-file-description Detailed description

umm-file-extension
umm-file-description Unified Molecular Modeling
umm-file-description Files with umm file extension are XML data files in Unified Molecular Modeling format.

umod-file-extension
umod-file-description Unreal Tournament MOD installation package
umod-file-description A umod file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament a 3D action first person shooter multiplayer computer game. A umod file stores installation package with game modification for UT.

ump-file-extension
ump-file-description UModel project file
ump-file-description Files with ump extension are used for the UModel software. Files include stored projects in xml text file format.

umprofile-file-extension
umprofile-file-description UltraMon display profile
umprofile-file-description A umprofile file extension is related to the UltraMon application for Windows. A umprofile file contains display profile.

umr-file-extension
umr-file-description MyEclipse UML model repository data
umr-file-description A umr file extension is related to the MyEclipse, an add-on for Eclipse development tool. A umr file stores UML model repository.

ums-file-extension
ums-file-description Dragon UnPACKer 5 archive
ums-file-description A ums file extension is related to the Dragon UnPACKer 5 and used for its archive files.

umshortcut-file-extension
umshortcut-file-description UltraMon data
umshortcut-file-description A umshortcut file extension is related to the UltraMon and used for its data files.

umv-file-extension
umv-file-description Are You Afraid of the Dark? video data
umv-file-description Files with umv extension can be mainly found as in-game videos from the Are You Afraid of the Dark? computer game.

umx-file-extension
umx-file-description Deus Ex game data
umx-file-description A umx file extension is related to the Deus Ex video game. A umx file stores game data.

una-file-extension
una-file-description SIMS unauthorized data
una-file-description An una file extension is related to the School Information Management System and used for its unauthorized data files.

unauth-file-extension
unauth-file-description SiteMinder unauthorized message
unauth-file-description Files with unauth file extension might be found as saved unauthorized messages generated by the SiteMinder program.

unavailable-file-extension
unavailable-file-description Al-Namrood ransomware affected file
unavailable-file-description Files with unavailable suffix may be typically encountered as encrypted and renamed files affected by Al-Namrood ransomware.

uncompressed_size-file-extension
uncompressed_size-file-description Singularity game file
uncompressed_size-file-description Files with uncompressed_size extension are used by computer game Singularity. It is a game file format.

und-file-extension
und-file-description Urban Network Data
und-file-description Files with und file suffix are associated with the Urban Network Data format.

undefined-file-extension
undefined-file-description Undefined data
undefined-file-description Files with undefined file extension can be usually found as renamed files that were not recognized by their programs during some loading or generating process.

undf-file-extension
undf-file-description Undefined file format
undf-file-description Files with undf file extension can be typically found as files in some kind of Undefined File Format. Most likely highly specialized.

undo-file-extension
undo-file-description Backup data
undo-file-description Files with undo file extension are usually used by many applications for their backup files.

unf-file-extension
unf-file-description Btreive unformatted data
unf-file-description Files with unf file extension are related to the Btreive, a database manager for Windows and NetWare.

uni-file-extension
uni-file-description UniMOD/MikMOD music module
uni-file-description Files with uni file extension may be mostly found as music modules saved in UniMOD or MikMOD formats.

unic-file-extension
unic-file-description Unic Tracker sound data
unic-file-description A unic file extension is related to the Unic Tracker a tool for composing music and used for its sound files.

unif-file-extension
unif-file-description Universal NES Image Format ROM image
unif-file-description Files with unif file extension are commonly used by Universal NES Image Format used to store ROM images.

unilang-file-extension
unilang-file-description Ashampoo Translation Studio data
unilang-file-description A unilang file extension is associated with the Ashampoo Translation Studio and used for its data files.

unitxt-file-extension
unitxt-file-description YS FLIGHT language data
unitxt-file-description A unitxt file extension is related to the YS Flight aircraft simulation software. A unitxt file stores language localization.

unity-file-extension
unity-file-description Unity scene
unity-file-description A unity file extension is related to the Unity a 3D engine for creating computer games. A unity file contains scene.

unity3d-file-extension
unity3d-file-description Unity scene web player data
unity3d-file-description Files with unity3d file extension can be found as 3D scene files from the Unity developing environment for 3D games.

unitypackage-file-extension
unitypackage-file-description Unity package
unitypackage-file-description Files with unitypackage file extension can be found as project data packages for Unity computer game developing software.

unityproj-file-extension
unityproj-file-description Unity 3D project
unityproj-file-description A .unityproj file extension is related to the Unity gaming engine and SDK. A unityproj file is used to store project files.

unit_variant-file-extension
unit_variant-file-description Total War unit variant settings
unit_variant-file-description Files with unit_variant file extension can be found as one of the game settings files from Total War strategy games series.

unix-file-extension
unix-file-description Unix data
unix-file-description Files with unix file extension are sed for Unix. It contains data.

unixyz-file-extension
unixyz-file-description UniChem XYZ chemical modeller input file
unixyz-file-description Detailed description

unk-file-extension
unk-file-description UVProbe data
unk-file-description A unk file extension is related to the UVProbe software for Windows. A unk file contains data.

unknown-file-extension
unknown-file-description Unknown file extension
unknown-file-description An  unknown file extension can sometimes be used as temporary file extensions.

unknown_video-file-extension
unknown_video-file-description Youtube API video information
unknown_video-file-description Files with unknown_video file extension are related to the Youtube API.

unl-file-extension
unl-file-description Garmin MapSource unlock data
unl-file-description A unl file extension is related to Garmin MapSource, a GPS software for create, view, and edit waypoints, routes, and tracks. A unl file contains unlock codes used for restore maps from backup.

unq-file-extension
unq-file-description ACT! 3.0 Email message attachment
unq-file-description A unq file extension is related to the ACT! version 3.0. A unq file stores e-mail attachment.

unr-file-extension
unr-file-description Unreal map
unr-file-description A unr file extension is related to 3D action and first person shooter computer game called Unreal. A unr file stores game map data.

unreal-file-extension
unreal-file-description Unreal Tournament link
unreal-file-description A .unreal file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament computer game. A .unreal file stores link.

unrst-file-extension
unrst-file-description OPM data
unrst-file-description Files with unrst file extension are related to the OPM data format.

uns-file-extension
uns-file-description Visual Navigation Suite export or import settings
uns-file-description Files with uns file extension are used for Visual Navigation Suite to export or import settings.

unt-file-extension
unt-file-description AutoCAD unit definition data
unt-file-description A unt file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a modeling tool for Windows and Mac. A unt file contains unit definition data.

unused-file-extension
unused-file-description Photoline 4 defaults
unused-file-description A .unused file extension is related to the Photoline version 4 and used for its settings.

unv-file-extension
unv-file-description I-DEAS data
unv-file-description A unv file extension is related to the I-DEAS an Integrated Design and Engineering Analysis Software. A unv file stores some kind of CAD data used by I-DEAS.

unx-file-extension
unx-file-description Unix readme document
unx-file-description A unx file extension is related to the text file format used on Unix and Unix-based operating systems.

uof-file-extension
uof-file-description Uniform Office format file
uof-file-description Files with uof extension are associated with Uniform Office Format and they can be opened by the Apache OpenOffice.

uol-file-extension
uol-file-description PhotoImpact clipart image
uol-file-description A uol file extension is related to the PhotoImpact program. A uol file stores clipart image.

uop-file-extension
uop-file-description Unified Office format presentation
uop-file-description A .uop file extension is related to the Uniform Office Format sometimes called as Unified Office Format (UOF).

uos-file-extension
uos-file-description Unified Office format spreadsheet
uos-file-description Files with uos file extension can be found as spreadsheets saved in Unified Office Document format.

uot-file-extension
uot-file-description Unified Office document
uot-file-description Files with uot file extension can be found as documents saved in Unified Office Format (UOF), a Chinese developed open standard for office applications.

up2-file-extension
up2-file-description Ulead Cool 3D plugins board file
up2-file-description Files with up2 extension are used for Ulead COOL 3D.

upa-file-extension
upa-file-description Fake download
upa-file-description A upa file extension is associated with some fake download files.

upb-file-extension
upb-file-description Mvision firmware update
upb-file-description A upb file extension is related to the firmware update files for Mvision satellite receivers.

upc-file-extension
upc-file-description Ultimate Paint component file format
upc-file-description Files with upc suffix can be occasionally found as special components (plugins) for Ultimate Paint graphics program.

update-file-extension
update-file-description ISAPI update file
update-file-description A .update file extension is related to the ISAPI (Internet Server Application Programming Interface). A update file stores update.

updatr-file-extension
updatr-file-description Bukkit iConomy update file
updatr-file-description The UPDATR file extension is related to the iConomy a plugin for Bukkit software. The *.updatr file stores update data.

updf-file-extension
updf-file-description UltraPdf publication data
updf-file-description A updf file extension is related to the UltraPdf. A updf file contains publication.

upf-file-extension
upf-file-description Nokia Phone digital photo
upf-file-description A upf file extension is related to the some Nokia mobile phones. A upf file stores digital photo.

upi-file-extension
upi-file-description Ulead PhotoImpact plugin
upi-file-description Files with upi file extension might be found as plug-ins that add support for Ulead PhotoImpact images.

upj-file-extension
upj-file-description Ulead project
upj-file-description A upj file extension is related to the Ulead apps. A upj file stores project.

upk-file-extension
upk-file-description Unreal 3 game data package
upk-file-description A upk file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament 3 and other games based on Unreal Engine 3 engine. It is used for its game data package files.

upk0-file-extension
upk0-file-description Metro 2033 game file
upk0-file-description Files with upk0 extension are used by the Metro 2033 video game as some kind of game file.

upk1-file-extension
upk1-file-description Metro 2033 game data
upk1-file-description A upk1 file extension is related to the Metro 2033 computer game. A upk1 file stores some kind of game data.

upkg-file-extension
upkg-file-description Unreal Engine package flag
upkg-file-description An upkg file extension is related to the Unreal Engine and used for its package flags.

upl-file-extension
upl-file-description StarMoney agent download data
upl-file-description A upl file extension is related to the StarMoney a finance management application from Star Finanz. A upl file stores download data.

upload-file-extension
upload-file-description Upload file
upload-file-description Files with upload extension can be found as data transfer files for uploading data content.

uplugin-file-extension
uplugin-file-description Unreal Tournament plugin
uplugin-file-description A uplugin file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament, a 3D first person shooter video game. A uplugin file stores plugin.

upm-file-extension
upm-file-description PenMail data
upm-file-description Files with upm file extension are related to the PenMail program.

upo-file-extension
upo-file-description dBASE compiled update data
upo-file-description A upo file extension is related to the dBASE, a relational database management program. A upo file stores compiled update data.

upoi-file-extension
upoi-file-description iGO points of interest
upoi-file-description Files with upoi file extension can be usually encountered as point of interest files for iGO navigation devices and navigation software.

upp-file-extension
upp-file-description Ghostscript Uniprint unified printer parameter settings
upp-file-description Files with upp suffix can be most often found as printer parameter settings from Ghostscript Uniprint.

upr-file-extension
upr-file-description FileMaker user spelling dictionary
upr-file-description A upr file extension is related to the FileMaker database system. A upr file stores user spelling dictionary.

uproject-file-extension
uproject-file-description Unreal Tournament game data
uproject-file-description Files with uproject extension are related to the Unreal Tournament game data.

ups-file-extension
ups-file-description Microsoft Works data
ups-file-description An ups file extension is related to the Microsoft Works, an office suite for Windows, MS-DOS and Mac OS.

upt-file-extension
upt-file-description Connectivity memory model update timing input data
upt-file-description An upt file extension is related to the connectivity memory model update timing input file format.

upx-file-extension
upx-file-description Ulead Photo Express saved image file
upx-file-description Files with upx extension are used for Ulead Photo Express program. They include saved images.

upz-file-extension
upz-file-description StarMoney agent download data
upz-file-description A upz file extension is related to the StarMoney and used for its data files.

uqm-file-extension
uqm-file-description The Ur-Quan Masters archive
uqm-file-description Files with uqm file extension can be found as part of The Ur-Quan Masters port of Star Control 2.

urc-file-extension
urc-file-description Unicenter Remote Control data
urc-file-description Files with urc file extension may be usually encountered as special Remote Control files from the Unicenter Remote Control file format.

urd-file-extension
urd-file-description Ultra Recall database
urd-file-description A urd file extension is related to the Ultra Recall and used for its database files.

urd-journal-file-extension
urd-journal-file-description Ultra Recall journal update file
urd-journal-file-description Files with URD-JOURNAL extension can be found as journal update files from Ultra Recall document management software for Windows.

urf-file-extension
urf-file-description Radar ViewPoint universal radar format
urf-file-description Files with urf extension are used by Radar ViewPoint system. They are data file format files.

uri-file-extension
uri-file-description List of Uniform resource identifiers
uri-file-description Files with uri file extension are kindred with Uniform Resource Identifiers. It is a specification of uri syntax and semantics derived from World Wide Web global concept information initiative.

uris-file-extension
uris-file-description Uniform Resource Identifiers
uris-file-description A uris file extension is related to the experimental file format that contains list of Uniform Resource Identifiers.

urj-file-extension
urj-file-description Ultra Fractal job
urj-file-description A urj file extension is related to the Ultra Fractal, an advanced fractal design program. A urj file stores job.

url-file-extension
url-file-description Internet Shortcut - URL - Uniform Resource Locator
url-file-description An url file extension is related to Uniform Resource Locator and stores internet shortcut in Windows OS.

urls-file-extension
urls-file-description GetRight Internet shortcut
urls-file-description A urls file extension is related to the GetRight! and used for its internet shortcuts.

url_-file-extension
url_-file-description Internet Shortcut - URL - Uniform Resource Locator
url_-file-description An url_ file extension is related to the Internet Shortcut - URL - Uniform Resource Locator files.

urn-file-extension
urn-file-description H3DAPI uniform resource name data
urn-file-description A file extension urn is associated with the H3DAPI uniform resource name data format.

urp-file-extension
urp-file-description Universal Report
urp-file-description Files with urp extension can be found as part of Universal Report software.

urq-file-extension
urq-file-description Review QuickChart chart
urq-file-description Files with urq extension can be found as charts from Review QuickChart software.

urr-file-extension
urr-file-description Uniface signatures
urr-file-description A urr file extension is related to the Uniface, a development environment. A urr file stores signatures data.

urs-file-extension
urs-file-description ControlDraw user requirement specifier
urs-file-description An urs file extension is related to the ControlDraw an automation modeling software. An urs file contains user requirement specifier.

urt-file-extension
urt-file-description Utah Run-Length encoded bitmap image
urt-file-description Files with urt file extension are images in a special Utah RLE format.

us-file-extension
us-file-description English language translation file
us-file-description Files with us file extension can be occasionally encountered as localization files for American English language.

us%3F-file-extension
us%3F-file-description Microsoft Word font file
us%3F-file-description Files with us? extension are used by the Microsoft Word program. They were used as font files.

usa-file-extension
usa-file-description Microsoft Office headers data
usa-file-description An usa file suffix is associated with the Microsoft Office. An usa file stores headers data.

usb-file-extension
usb-file-description SiSoftware Sandra data
usb-file-description A usb file extension is associated with the Sandra, a system diagnostic and benchmarking utility from SiSoftware.

usblog-file-extension
usblog-file-description Usb Sniffer log
usblog-file-description A usblog file extension is related to the Usb Sniffer program. A usblog file stores log.

usbso-file-extension
usbso-file-description Teledyne LeCroy Protocol Analyzer settings
usbso-file-description Files with usbso file extension might be found as saved user's options from LeCroy Protocol Analyzer products.

usc-file-extension
usc-file-description USC module definition
usc-file-description A usc file extension is related to the USC Config tool developed by APCS. A usc file contains module definition.

usd-file-extension
usd-file-description Epson print image frame data
usd-file-description A usd file extension is related to the Epson Print Image Framer Tool. A usd file stores image frame data.

usdx-file-extension
usdx-file-description Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six: Vegas game data
usdx-file-description Files with usdx file extension can be found as game data files from Tom Clancy's Rainbox Six: Vegas computer game.

usdz-file-extension
usdz-file-description USDZ Augmented Reality File Format
usdz-file-description Files with usdz extension are mainly related to the USDZ Augmented Reality File Format, which is used to share 3D Augmented Reality assets in a single file.

usecasediagram-file-extension
usecasediagram-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio use case diagram
usecasediagram-file-description A usecasediagram file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio. A usecasediagram file contains use case diagram.

useq-file-extension
useq-file-description USeq genome data
useq-file-description An useq file extension is related to the USeq genome data file format.

user-file-extension
user-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio project user options
user-file-description Files with user file extension may be typically found as sorts of saved user settings, for example from Microsoft Visual Studio.

userkit-file-extension
userkit-file-description DrumCore audio
userkit-file-description An userkit file extension is related to the DrumCore a music composing application for Windows and Mac.

userprofile-file-extension
userprofile-file-description Symantec user profile
userprofile-file-description A userprofile file extension is related to applications developed by Symantec and used for user profile files.

userreturn-file-extension
userreturn-file-description User Return data
userreturn-file-description Files with userreturn file extension may be found as some kind of text files. Probably generated by some program.

usersettings-file-extension
usersettings-file-description User settings
usersettings-file-description A usersettings file extension is related to the various configuration and setting files that contain saved user profile.

usertile-ms-file-extension
usertile-ms-file-description Microsoft Windows 8 Release Preview user tile file
usertile-ms-file-description Detailed description

uservar-file-extension
uservar-file-description Unknown file extension
uservar-file-description Files with uservar file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

usf-file-extension
usf-file-description Core Media Player XML universal subtitle format
usf-file-description A usf file extension is related to the Universal Subtitle Format used by Core Media Player.

usflib-file-extension
usflib-file-description Nintendo 64 song library
usflib-file-description The usflib file extension is related to the Nintendo 64 and used for its song library.

usg-file-extension
usg-file-description PC-Doctor for Windows data
usg-file-description An usg file extension is related to the PC-Doctor. An usg file contains data.

ush-file-extension
ush-file-description Creston SIMPL Windows data
ush-file-description A ush file extension is related to the Creston SIMPL Windows development environment.

usi-file-extension
usi-file-description UsiXML UI description
usi-file-description Files with usi file extension can be found as source codes in User Interface Extensible Markup Language.

uskn-file-extension
uskn-file-description KSDev ThemeEngine theme
uskn-file-description A uskn file extension is related to the KSDev ThemeEngine library component that is used to create skins and themes for Windows applications.

usl-file-extension
usl-file-description LaserJet landscape font
usl-file-description A usl file extension is related to the HP LaserJet software. A usl file contains landscape fonts.

usm-file-extension
usm-file-description ScaleForm GFX video content
usm-file-description Files with usm extension can be typically found as video related data based on the ScaleForm GFX rendering engine. Typically encountered in games.

usp-file-extension
usp-file-description PageMaker printer font
usp-file-description A usp file extension is related to the PageMaker printer font file format.

usrp-file-extension
usrp-file-description UTM Universe Polar Stereographic file
usrp-file-description Detailed description

uss-file-extension
uss-file-description WinUAE saved state
uss-file-description Files with uss file extension are saved state data files from WinUAE Amiga emulator software.

ust-file-extension
ust-file-description WiFi SiStr exported user theme
ust-file-description A ust file extension is related to the exported user theme files, used by WiFi SiStr.

ustar-file-extension
ustar-file-description Uniform Standard Tape Archive format file
ustar-file-description Files with the ustar extension are associated with Uniform Standard Tape Archive format.

usv-file-extension
usv-file-description LG Xenon mobile phone contact list
usv-file-description Files with usv file extension can be found as contacts lists for LG Xenon mobile phones.

usx-file-extension
usx-file-description Unreal StaticMesh (hardware brushes) file
usx-file-description Files with usx suffix can be usually encountered as graphics elements from Unreal 3D game engine.

usz-file-extension
usz-file-description Stardock WindowBlinds SkinStudio data
usz-file-description An usz file extension is related to the Stardock WindowBlinds SkinStudio software.

ut2-file-extension
ut2-file-description Unreal Tournament 2003/2004 map
ut2-file-description Files with ut2 suffix are almost always encountered as maps from Unreal Tournament 2003/2004 computer game.

ut2link-file-extension
ut2link-file-description Unreal Tournament 2004 game data
ut2link-file-description A ut2link file extension is associated with Unreal Tournament 2004 video game.

ut2mod-file-extension
ut2mod-file-description Unreal Tournament 2003 MOD installation package
ut2mod-file-description A ut2mod file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament 2003 and other games based on Unreal engine. A ut2mod file contains MOD installation package.

ut3-file-extension
ut3-file-description Unreal Tournament 3 map
ut3-file-description Files with ut3 file suffix are associated with the Unreal Tournament 3 video game. A ut3 file contains game map.

ut4mod-file-extension
ut4mod-file-description Unreal Tournament 2004 MOD installation package file
ut4mod-file-description The ut4mod file extension is used for Unreal Tournament 2004 MOD installation package files. Unreal UMOD files are used by Unreal Tournament 2004 computer game to installation game modes. UMOD files are stored in the native format for Unreal engine's content distribution and automated installation.

utb-file-extension
utb-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator X traffic data
utb-file-description An utb file extension is related to the Flight Simulator X computer game. An utb file stores traffic data.

utc-file-extension
utc-file-description BioWare Aurora game engine creature data
utc-file-description A utc file extension is related to the BioWare Aurora video game engine.

utd-file-extension
utd-file-description BioWare Aurora game engine door data
utd-file-description A utd file extension is associated with the BioWare Aurora engine used by Neverwinter Nights computer game.

ute-file-extension
ute-file-description BioWare Aurora game engine encounter data
ute-file-description A ute file extension is related to the BioWare Aurora game engine encounter data format.

utf-file-extension
utf-file-description AOL update data
utf-file-description Files with utf file extension are related to apps developed by AOL. A utf file contains update.

utf8-file-extension
utf8-file-description Unicode UTF-8 encoded text
utf8-file-description Files with utf8 extension can be usually encountered as various text files saved with the Unicode UTF-8 encoding.

uti-file-extension
uti-file-description Spybot - Search & Destroy includes
uti-file-description Files with uti file extension can be mostly encountered as include files for Spybot - Search & Destroy protection tool.

utl-file-extension
utl-file-description QuickBooks accounting data
utl-file-description A utl file extension is related to the QuickBooks and used for its accounting data files.

utm-file-extension
utm-file-description BioWare Aurora game engine store data
utm-file-description A utm file extension is related to the BioWare Aurora video gaming engine. A utm file contains game engine store data.

utp-file-extension
utp-file-description BioWare Aurora game engine placeable object file
utp-file-description Files with utp extension are used by Bioware Aurora game engine. This game engine was used for Neverwinter Nights computer game.

utpart-file-extension
utpart-file-description µTorrent unfinished download
utpart-file-description Files with utpart file extension might be found as unfinished downloads initiated with the µTorrent bittorrent client.

uts-file-extension
uts-file-description Spybot - Search & Destroy include data
uts-file-description Files with uts file extension can be mainly found in Spybot - Search & Destroy antispyware software.

utt-file-extension
utt-file-description BioWare Aurora engine trigger file
utt-file-description Files with utt extension are used by the BioWare Aurora engine. They include a trigger data.

utw-file-extension
utw-file-description BioWare Aurora engine waypoint
utw-file-description A utw file extension is related to the BioWare Aurora engine and used for its waypoint files.

utx-file-extension
utx-file-description Unreal texture
utx-file-description Files with utx suffix can be usually found as in-game textures from video games based on the Unreal game engine.

utxt-file-extension
utxt-file-description Unicode text
utxt-file-description A utx file extension is related to the unicode text format.

utz-file-extension
utz-file-description Symbian OS user interface theme
utz-file-description Files with utz extension are used by Symbian OS. They include some interface themes.

uu-file-extension
uu-file-description Uuencoded (compressed) file archive (ascii)
uu-file-description A uu file extension is associated with the Uuencoded (compressed) file archive (ascii) format.

uud-file-extension
uud-file-description UUDecoded file
uud-file-description Files with uud extension are used as a decoded files converted back to its original binary form.

uue-file-extension
uue-file-description UUEncoded data
uue-file-description Files with uue file extension can be usually encountered as various ASCII based attachments, especially on UNIX platform.

uum-file-extension
uum-file-description Minuum Keyboard backup
uum-file-description A uum file extension is related to the Minuum Keyboard and used for its backup files.

uus-file-extension
uus-file-description Ultra Utility skin
uus-file-description a uus file extension is related to the Ultra Utility and used for its skin files.

uux-file-extension
uux-file-description Compressed archive
uux-file-description A uux file extension is associated with some of compressed archive file format.

uv2-file-extension
uv2-file-description Jane's Combat Simulations: F-15 game data
uv2-file-description An uv2 file extension is related to the Jane's Combat Simulations: F-15. An uv2 file contains game data.

uvcab-file-extension
uvcab-file-description UVScreenCamera films
uvcab-file-description A uvcab file extension is related to the UVScreenCamera film file format.

uvd-file-extension
uvd-file-description Yamaha Tyros4 audio data
uvd-file-description Files with uvd suffix are typically encountered as audio data files from Yamaha Tyros4.

uvf-file-extension
uvf-file-description Uncertain value format
uvf-file-description Files with uvf extension are associated with Netica software. They are used as some kind of various data files.

uvi-file-extension
uvi-file-description Yamaha Tyros4 custom voice
uvi-file-description A uvi file extension is related to the Tyros4, a family of electronic keyboars from Yamaha. A uvi file contains custom voice.

uvkbk-file-extension
uvkbk-file-description Ultra Virus Killer backup information
uvkbk-file-description A uvkbk file extension is associated with the Ultra Virus Killer and used for its backup information.

uvkey-file-extension
uvkey-file-description Ultra Virus Killer license
uvkey-file-description A uvkey file extension is related to the Ultra Virus Killer, a security software for Windows. A uvkey file stores license.

uvksr-file-extension
uvksr-file-description Ultra Virus Killer system repair settings
uvksr-file-description A uvksr file extension is associated with the Ultra Virus Killer and used for its system repair settings.

uvn-file-extension
uvn-file-description Yamaha Tyros audio
uvn-file-description A uvn file extension is related to the Yamaha Tyros digital audio workstation.

uvnts-file-extension
uvnts-file-description UVScreenCamera notes
uvnts-file-description A uvnts file extension is associated with the UVScreenCamera software for Windows. A uvnts file stores notes.

uvo-file-extension
uvo-file-description Sanyo Katana DLX voice memo file
uvo-file-description Files with uvo extension are used for the Katana DLX mobile phone. They include recorded voice memo data.

uvopt-file-extension
uvopt-file-description µVision project options
uvopt-file-description A uvopt file extension is associated with the µVision ARM development software. A uvopt file contains project options.

uvoptx-file-extension
uvoptx-file-description µVision configuration
uvoptx-file-description A uvoptx file extension is related to the µVision development software and used for its configuration.

uvp-file-extension
uvp-file-description Ulead MediaStudio data
uvp-file-description An uvp file extension is related to the Ulead MediaStudio, a video editing program for Microsoft Windows.

uvprjx-file-extension
uvprjx-file-description µVision project
uvprjx-file-description A uvprjx file extension is commonly used by µVision development tool and used for its project files.

uvproj-file-extension
uvproj-file-description µVision4 project
uvproj-file-description Files with uvproj suffix may be mostly encountered as saved projects from µVision4 development environment.

uvprojx-file-extension
uvprojx-file-description µVision project
uvprojx-file-description A uvprojx file extension is related to the µVision development tool and used for its project files.

uvr-file-extension
uvr-file-description UVR mesh data
uvr-file-description A uvr file extension is associated with the UVR mesh data format.

uvs-file-extension
uvs-file-description UVScreenCamera segments
uvs-file-description A uvs file extension is related to the UVScreenCamera and used for its segment files.

uvseg-file-extension
uvseg-file-description UVScreenCamera segments file
uvseg-file-description Detailed description

uvu-file-extension
uvu-file-description Movie Maker video data
uvu-file-description Files with uvu file extension are related to the Movie Maker video data format.

uvw-file-extension
uvw-file-description 3D Studio MAX UVW coordinates
uvw-file-description A uvw file extension is related to the 3D Studio MAX and used for its UVW coordinates files.

uvx-file-extension
uvx-file-description Unreal Tournament 2003 saved game
uvx-file-description A uvx file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament 2003 saved game files.

uvz-file-extension
uvz-file-description DECE ZIP compressed data
uvz-file-description Files with uvz file extension are related to the DECE ZIP compressed data format.

uw-file-extension
uw-file-description Unsigned word (16-bit) music
uw-file-description A uw file extension is related to the Unsigned word (16-bit) music format.

uwf-file-extension
uwf-file-description UltraTracker WaveSample music
uwf-file-description A uwf file extension is related to the UltraTracker, an audio composing software. A uwf file contains music.

uwl-file-extension
uwl-file-description Novell GroupWise user word list
uwl-file-description A uwl file extension is related to the Novell GroupWise and used for its user word list.

uxdc-file-extension
uxdc-file-description Microsoft Excel data retrieval service connection file
uxdc-file-description Files with uxdc extension are used by the Microsoft Excel program. They include some data.

uxf-file-extension
uxf-file-description UMLet UML eXchange format
uxf-file-description Files with uxf file extension can be mostly found as UML diagrams made and saved using the UMLet UML diagramming tool.

uxr-file-extension
uxr-file-description Unknown file extension
uxr-file-description Files with uxr file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

uxx-file-extension
uxx-file-description Unreal Tournament 2003 cache
uxx-file-description A uxx file extension is related to the Unreal Tournament 2003 video game. A uxx file contains cache.

uxy-file-extension
uxy-file-description Barudan embroidery outline data
uxy-file-description A uxy file extension is related to the Barudan embroidery outline file format.

uxz-file-extension
uxz-file-description IBM Flex CMM update data
uxz-file-description Files with uxz extension can be found as firmware updates for IBM Flex System.

uyvy-file-extension
uyvy-file-description YUV 16-bit image format
uyvy-file-description Files with uyvy file extension are bitmap images in YUV 16-bit image format. Somewhat uncommon formats.

uz2-file-extension
uz2-file-description Unreal Tournament compressed file
uz2-file-description Files with uz2 extension are used for the Unreal Tournament computer game. It is one of the game files.

uze-file-extension
uze-file-description UltimateZip compressed archive
uze-file-description Files with uze file extension might be found as compressed archives made in UltimateZip utility.

uzed-file-extension
uzed-file-description Family Tree Builder compressed Unicode GEDCOM data
uzed-file-description An uzed file extension is related to the MyHeritage Family Tree Builder and used for its compressed Unicode GEDCOM genealogy files.

uzip-file-extension
uzip-file-description FreeBSD compressed disk image
uzip-file-description A uzip file extension is related to the compressed disk image file format used by FreeBSD based operating systems.

uzy-file-extension
uzy-file-description Backdoor.Sokacaps data
uzy-file-description Files with uzy file extension are used by the malicious software Backdoor.Sokacaps.

v64-file-extension
v64-file-description Nintendo 64 emulation ROM image
v64-file-description Files with v64 file extension can be usually encountered as special ROM images for Nintendo 64 emulators. Usually contain game or program that was originally meant for the Nintendo 64 console.

vbs-file-extension
vbs-file-description Visual Basic script

vcf-file-extension
vcf-file-description vCard contacts

vdi-file-extension
vdi-file-description VirtualBox disk image

vhd-file-extension
vhd-file-description Virtual Hard Disk file

vhdx-file-extension
vhdx-file-description Microsoft Windows Hyper-V virtual hard disk
vhdx-file-description A vhdx file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 8 and higher releases of Windows operating system. A vhdx file contains backup archives.

vmdk-file-extension
vmdk-file-description VMware virtual disk
vmdk-file-description A vmdk file extension is used for default virtual disk format of VMware virtualization software. A vmdk file stores contents of virtual machine hard disk drive. There can be more vmdk files for each virtual machines, depending on the specified amount of virtual hard drive assigned to it. It also can store information about partitions virtual drive is able to access.

vmem-file-extension
vmem-file-description VMware virtual machine's paging data
vmem-file-description Files with vmem extension can be often found as paging files from the VMware Workstation virtualization application. A vmem file stores back up of the guest main memory on the host file system.

vmwarevm-file-extension
vmwarevm-file-description VMware Fusion virtual machine
vmwarevm-file-description A vmwarevm file extension is related with VMware Fusion a virtualization software for Apple Mac OS X. A vmwarevm package stores virtual hard drive, virtual machine settings and other related data.

vmx-file-extension
vmx-file-description VMware configuration data file

vob-file-extension
vob-file-description DVD video object

vsd-file-extension
vsd-file-description Microsoft Visio diagram document
vsd-file-description Files with vsd extension can be most notably found as flowcharts and diagrams created in older versions of Microsoft Visio program.

vsdx-file-extension
vsdx-file-description Microsoft Visio drawing
vsdx-file-description Files with vsdx file extension are almost always graphics diagrams made and saved in latest versions of Microsoft Visio diagramming program.

vsix-file-extension
vsix-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio extension package
vsix-file-description A vsix file extension is associated with Microsoft Visual Studio, an integrated development environment for Windows. A vsix file contains unit of deployment.

vxd-file-extension
vxd-file-description Microsoft Windows virtual device driver
vxd-file-description Files with vxd file extension can be mostly found as virtual device drivers from Microsoft Windows operating system.

v-file-extension
v-file-description ReaGeniX Consistency check support data
v-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe V file extension!

v00-file-extension
v00-file-description Kretz 3D ultrasound image
v00-file-description Files with v00 file extension can be found as special 3D ultrasound images from Kretz software by GE Medical Company.

v01-file-extension
v01-file-description Genesis 2000 data
v01-file-description Files with v01 file extension are commonly used by Genesis 2000 application.

v03-file-extension
v03-file-description Axialis thumbnail cache
v03-file-description A v03 file extension is related to the thumbnail cache file format used by Axialis programs.

v06-file-extension
v06-file-description Nokia 5530 XpressMusic PPM flash data
v06-file-description A v06 file extension is related to the Nokia 5530 XpressMusic PPM flash files.

v07-file-extension
v07-file-description Wing Commander 2 game data
v07-file-description A v07 file extension is related to the Wing Commander 2 and used for its game data files.

v10-file-extension
v10-file-description Gouraud shaded vectors data file
v10-file-description Files with v10 extension are associated with Gourad shading.

v11-file-extension
v11-file-description ESR v11 data
v11-file-description A v11 file extension is related to the ESR v11 data format, used by ESR program from bexio.

v11o-file-extension
v11o-file-description ACDSee offline media
v11o-file-description A v11o file extension is related to the ACDSee, a digital photos and picture images viewing and management tool. A v11o file stores offline media.

v11p-file-extension
v11p-file-description ACDSee photo disk
v11p-file-description Files with v11p file extension can be found as thumbnail files generated by some earlier version of ACDSee program.

v11pf-file-extension
v11pf-file-description ACDSee private folder
v11pf-file-description A v11pf file extension is related to the ACDSee Photo Manager. A v11pf file contains private folder.

v12-file-extension
v12-file-description All The Right Type database
v12-file-description A v12 file extension is related to the All The Right Type and used for its database files.

v16-file-extension
v16-file-description BrainVoyager QX high-resolution 3D anatomical data
v16-file-description A v16 file suffix is related to the BrainVoyager QX high-resolution 3D anatomical data format.

v18-file-extension
v18-file-description SYNETSIM source code
v18-file-description A v18 file extension is related to the SYNETSIM source code files.

v2-file-extension
v2-file-description Microsoft Live Messenger data
v2-file-description A v2 file is related to Microsoft Live Messenger messaging client. The .v2 file stores some data resources.

v2%24-file-extension
v2%24-file-description AVImark data
v2%24-file-description Files with v2$ file extension might be found as part of AVImark Veterinary Software System

v22-file-extension
v22-file-description V-22 CONTROLLER settings file
v22-file-description Files with v22 extension are used by the V-22 controller control device. They include some settings data for the controller.

v264-file-extension
v264-file-description TENVIS IP Camera recorded video file
v264-file-description Files with v264 extension can be found as video recordings from TENVIS IP cameras. Playable only in TENVIS software.

v2a-file-extension
v2a-file-description TI Connect data
v2a-file-description A v2a file extension is related to the TI Connect software for Microsoft Windows.

v2b-file-extension
v2b-file-description Texas Instruments TI Voyage 200 backup
v2b-file-description A v2b file extension is related to the Texas Instruments TI Voyage 200 backup files.

v2c-file-extension
v2c-file-description WellSight Systems HASP SRM license information data
v2c-file-description A v2c file extension is related to Horizontal.Log and other tools developed by WellSight Systems. A v2c file contains license information data.

v2d-file-extension
v2d-file-description VersaCAD file
v2d-file-description Files with v2d extension are used by the VersaCAD program. They are used as some kind of various data files.

v2e-file-extension
v2e-file-description TI Connect data
v2e-file-description A v2e file extension is related to the TI Connect software for Microsoft Windows.

v2f-file-extension
v2f-file-description TI Voyage 200 function
v2f-file-description A v2f file extension is related to the TI Voyage 200 a programmable calculator from Texas Instruments.

v2g-file-extension
v2g-file-description TI Voyage 200 group data
v2g-file-description A v2g file extension is related to the TI Voyage 200, a programmable calculator from Texas Instruments.

v2i-file-extension
v2i-file-description Norton Ghost disk drive image
v2i-file-description A v2i file is related to Norton Ghost, a backup solution for Windows. A v2i file contains disk image created by Norton Ghost.

v2k-file-extension
v2k-file-description TI Connect data
v2k-file-description A v2k file extension is related to the TI Connect a tool for Microsoft Windows.

v2l-file-extension
v2l-file-description Texas Instruments TI Voyage 200 list data
v2l-file-description A v2l file extension is related to the Texas Instruments TI Voyage 200 smart calculator.

v2m-file-extension
v2m-file-description TI Connect file
v2m-file-description Files with v2m extension are used by the TI Connect utility. They contain some various data used for internal purposes.

v2n-file-extension
v2n-file-description TI Connect data
v2n-file-description A v2n file extension is related to the TI Connect software for Windows.

v2p-file-extension
v2p-file-description TI Connect data
v2p-file-description A v2p file extension is related to the TI Connect software for Windows.

v2q-file-extension
v2q-file-description TI Voyage 200 certificate file
v2q-file-description Files with v2q extension are associated with TI Voyage devices and they are used as its certificate files.

v2r-file-extension
v2r-file-description Texas Instruments TI Voyage 200 lab reports data
v2r-file-description A v2r file extension is related to the Texas Instruments TI Voyage 200 calculator.

v2s-file-extension
v2s-file-description TI Voyage 200 string
v2s-file-description A v2s file extension is related to the TI Voyage 200 smart programmable calculator.

v2t-file-extension
v2t-file-description Voyage200 text
v2t-file-description Files with v2t file extension can be mainly found as text document data files for Voyage200 graphic calculators by Texas Instruments.

v2u-file-extension
v2u-file-description Texas Instruments TI Voyage 200 system update
v2u-file-description A v2u file extension is related to the TI Voyage 200 smart calculator developed by Texas Instruments.

v2x-file-extension
v2x-file-description TI Connect data
v2x-file-description A v2x file extension is related to the TI Connect from Texas Instruments.

v2y-file-extension
v2y-file-description Texas Instruments TI Voyage 200 program file
v2y-file-description A v2y file extension is related to the Texas Instruments Voyage 200 handheld. A v2y file stores program written for Voyage 200.

v2z-file-extension
v2z-file-description TI Connect data
v2z-file-description A v2z file extension is related to the TI Connect data files.

v30-file-extension
v30-file-description QuickBooks v 3.0 backup
v30-file-description A v30 file extension is related to the QuickBooks and used for its backup files.

v3d-file-extension
v3d-file-description ViaCAD 3D drawing
v3d-file-description Files with v3d file extension can be usually found as CAD drawings saved  in ViaCAD 3D drawing file format.

v3m-file-extension
v3m-file-description Vector Art 3D Machinist format
v3m-file-description Files with v3m suffix are in most cases 3D design files from Vector Art 3D Machinist software.

v3o-file-extension
v3o-file-description Emergency 3D model
v3o-file-description A v3o file extension is associated with the Emergency, a video games series. A v3o file contains 3D model.

v3s-file-extension
v3s-file-description Visual3D pipeline
v3s-file-description Files with v3s file extension can be found as pipeline command files from Visual3D program.

v3v-file-extension
v3v-file-description Vector Art 3D model
v3v-file-description Files with v3v file extension can be usually found as graphics models in special Vector Art 3D format.

v48851-file-extension
v48851-file-description Universal Viewer data
v48851-file-description A v48851 file extension is related to the Universal Viewer for Windows.

v4e-file-extension
v4e-file-description Microsoft Windows Script Host data
v4e-file-description Files with v4e extension can be found as scripts from Microsoft Windows Script Host automation technology for Windows.

v4s-file-extension
v4s-file-description Microsoft Windows Script Host file
v4s-file-description Files with v4s extension are used by Microsoft Windows Script host files.

v4w-file-extension
v4w-file-description Microsoft WordPad MFC data
v4w-file-description A v4w file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows WordPad.

v4x-file-extension
v4x-file-description Version data
v4x-file-description A v4x file extension may be related to various programs and can be used for identifying version of the file or program.

v5d-file-extension
v5d-file-description Vis5D Dataset UNIX chemical data
v5d-file-description A v5d file extension is related to Vis5D software. A v5d file stores chemical data. Probably obsolete format.

v60po-file-extension
v60po-file-description ACDSee Pro file
v60po-file-description A v60po file extension is related to the ACDsee Pro software for Windows.

v60pp-file-extension
v60pp-file-description ACDSee Pro data
v60pp-file-description A v60pp file extension is related to the ACDSee Pro software for Microsoft Windows.

v60ppf-file-extension
v60ppf-file-description ACDSee data
v60ppf-file-description A v60ppf file extension is related to the ACDSee, a digital photos management tool for Windows.

v7cat-file-extension
v7cat-file-description Unknown file extension
v7cat-file-description Files with v7cat file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

v7o-file-extension
v7o-file-description ACDSee Photo Manager data
v7o-file-description Files with v7o file suffix are associated with the ACDSee Photo Manager data format.

v7p-file-extension
v7p-file-description ACDSee Photo Manager data
v7p-file-description A v7p file extension is related to the ACDSee Photo Manager data.

v8-file-extension
v8-file-description Covox 8-bit audio file
v8-file-description Files with v8 extension are used by The Covox Speech Thing device. The files contained sound and audio data.

v80uo-file-extension
v80uo-file-description ACDSee Photo Manager data
v80uo-file-description Files with v80uo file suffix are related to the ACDSee Photo Manager data format.

v80up-file-extension
v80up-file-description ACDSee Photo Manager disc
v80up-file-description Files with v80up file extension are related to the ACDSee Photo Manager discs.

v80upf-file-extension
v80upf-file-description ACDSee Photo Manager private folder
v80upf-file-description A v80upf file extension is related to the ACDSee Photo Manager. A v80upf file contains private data.

v8i-file-extension
v8i-file-description 1C:Enterprise data
v8i-file-description A v8i file extension is associated with the 1C:Enterprise solution and used for its data files.

v8l-file-extension
v8l-file-description 1C:Enterprise data
v8l-file-description A v8l file extension is associated with the 1C:Enterprise solution and used for its data files.

v8o-file-extension
v8o-file-description ACDSee offline media file
v8o-file-description Files with v8o extension are related to the ACSee photo management tool.

v8p-file-extension
v8p-file-description ACDSee Photo Manager data
v8p-file-description A v8p file extension is related to the ACDSee Photo Manager a digital photo editing software.

vab-file-extension
vab-file-description Sony Playstation/PS2 audio bank
vab-file-description A vab file extension is related to the Sony Playstation/PS2 audio bank format.

vac-file-extension
vac-file-description IMail Server vacation message
vac-file-description A vac file extension is related to the IMail Server an email messaging solution. A vac file stores vacation message.

vad-file-extension
vad-file-description Mapper variant
vad-file-description Files with vad file extension are used for Mapper software. A vad file contains Mapper.

vaf-file-extension
vaf-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Common Tools Analyzer Server project item file
vaf-file-description Files with vaf extension are used for Microsoft Visual Studio application. They contain project items data.

vag-file-extension
vag-file-description Sony Playstation/PS2 compressed sound
vag-file-description Files with vag suffix can be usually found as compressed audio files from Sony Playstation 1 and Playstation 2 video gaming consoles.

vai-file-extension
vai-file-description PhotoDub Album voice and image
vai-file-description A vai file extension is related to the PhotoDub Album software.

val-file-extension
val-file-description Corel Paradox validity check data
val-file-description A val file extension is related to the Corel Paradox a relational database system. A val file stores validity check data.

vala-file-extension
vala-file-description Vala programming language source code
vala-file-description A vala file extension is related to the VALA programming language used to create GObject system applications.

valu-file-extension
valu-file-description VALU Macintosh spreadsheet
valu-file-description A valu file extension is related to the VALU spreadsheet format. Obsolete software.

vam-file-extension
vam-file-description Visual Studio common tools vanalyzer project item
vam-file-description A vam file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its common tools vanalyzer project items.

vap-file-extension
vap-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Analyzer project file
vap-file-description Files with vap extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio. They store project files.

vaporcd-file-extension
vaporcd-file-description UltraISO file
vaporcd-file-description Detailed description

vapplauncher-file-extension
vapplauncher-file-description System Center Configuration Manager file
vapplauncher-file-description Files with sccm file extension are related to the System Center Configuration Manager.

var-file-extension
var-file-description WebHub web session data
var-file-description A var file extension is related to the WebHub and used for its session data files.

vars-file-extension
vars-file-description abcAVI Tag Editor query variants
vars-file-description Files with vars file extension are related to the abcAVI Tag Editor query variants.

vas-file-extension
vas-file-description XWE data
vas-file-description Files with the vas file extension are commonly used by XWE, a tool for editing Doom WAD files.

vat-file-extension
vat-file-description Vala Content Management Server data
vat-file-description A vat file extension is related to the Vala Content Management Server and used for its data files.

vault-file-extension
vault-file-description Fontcase font vault
vault-file-description A vault file extension is associated with the Fontcase and used for its vault files.

vb-file-extension
vb-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual Basic script
vb-file-description A vb file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development environment and used for its scripts written in Visual Basic.

vba-file-extension
vba-file-description Visual Basic VBA module
vba-file-description Files with vba file extension can be commonly found as Visual Basic modules. Can be used in many programs.

vbadoc-file-extension
vbadoc-file-description Project Analyzer data
vbadoc-file-description A vbadoc file extension is related to the Project Analyzer and used for its data files.

vbak-file-extension
vbak-file-description Autodesk Vault backup data
vbak-file-description A vbak file extension is related to the Autodesk Vault and used for its backup data files.

vbat-file-extension
vbat-file-description VBAT data
vbat-file-description A vbat file extension is related to the VBAT program and used for its data files. Probably obsolete.

vbb-file-extension
vbb-file-description VirtualBoss backup
vbb-file-description Files with vbb file extension can be founds as backups from VirtualBoss software.

vbc-file-extension
vbc-file-description Vocabulary data
vbc-file-description Files with vbc file extension can be mostly found as various vocabulary files from all kinds of apps. Different formats using same extension.

vbd-file-extension
vbd-file-description Microsoft Visual Basic ActiveX document
vbd-file-description A vbd file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Basic and used for its ActiveX documents.

vbdproj-file-extension
vbdproj-file-description Visual Basic .NET device project file
vbdproj-file-description Detailed description

vbe-file-extension
vbe-file-description Visual Basic encoded script
vbe-file-description Files with vbe extension can be commonly found as the encoded version of standard Visual Basic *.vbs files. Used to execute scripts and programs in Windows. Might be possible dangerous to your computer if you are not sure about the origin of the program.

vbee-file-extension
vbee-file-description EmEditor data
vbee-file-description A vbee file extension is related to the EmEditor a text editing software.

vbe_aq-file-extension
vbe_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
vbe_aq-file-description Files with vbe_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

vbf-file-extension
vbf-file-description VersaCheck backup
vbf-file-description Files with vbf file extension can be found as backup files from VersaCheck personal finance management program.

vbg-file-extension
vbg-file-description Microsoft Visual Basic compatible project group file
vbg-file-description Files with vbg extension are used by Microsoft Visual Basic software.

vbhtml-file-extension
vbhtml-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio ASP.NET web page
vbhtml-file-description A vbhtml file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio ASP.NET web page format.

vbi-file-extension
vbi-file-description IntelliCAD VBA script file
vbi-file-description Files with vbi suffix are in most cases scripts from IntelliCAD CAD modeling tool.

vbk-file-extension
vbk-file-description Veeam Backup virtual machine backup
vbk-file-description Files with vbk file extension can be found as virtual machine backup files from Veeam Backup & Replication backup software.

vbl-file-extension
vbl-file-description Virtual CD version 4 log
vbl-file-description A vbl file suffix is related to the Virtual CD, disk imaging program for Windows. A vbl file contains log.

vbm-file-extension
vbm-file-description NetFront browser bookmark
vbm-file-description A vbm file extension is related to the NetFront Internet Browser. A vbm file stores bookmark (Internet shortcut).

vbn-file-extension
vbn-file-description Symantec AntiVirus quarantined data
vbn-file-description Files with vbn file extension are usef for Symantec AntiVirus software for Microsoft Windows operating system. A vbn file contains quarantined data.

vbo-file-extension
vbo-file-description Microsoft Access package deployment references
vbo-file-description A vbo file extension is related to the Microsoft Access and used for its package deployment references files.

vbox-file-extension
vbox-file-description VirtualBox settings
vbox-file-description Files with vbox file extension can be found as virtual machine settings for VirtualBox virtualization software.

vbox-extpack-file-extension
vbox-extpack-file-description VirtualBox extension pack file
vbox-extpack-file-description Files with vbox-extpack file extension are plugins for VirtualBox virtualization software. These are used to add or extend current features of the program.

vbox-prev-file-extension
vbox-prev-file-description VirtualBox settings backup
vbox-prev-file-description Files with vbox-prev suffix might be found as backups of VirtualBox settings (.vbox). Used to restore previous settings.

vboxlm-file-extension
vboxlm-file-description Vbox data
vboxlm-file-description A vboxlm file extension is related to the Vbox developed by Aladdin Knowledge Systems.

vboxsave-file-extension
vboxsave-file-description SecurityBox encrypted data backup
vboxsave-file-description A vboxsave file extension is related to the SecurityBox. A .vboxsave file stores encrypted data backup.

vbp-file-extension
vbp-file-description Microsoft Visual Basic project
vbp-file-description A vbp file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Basic integrated development environment and used for its project files.

vbpf1-file-extension
vbpf1-file-description Virtual Business - Personal Finance data
vbpf1-file-description Files with vbpf1 file extension can be usually encountered as data files from Virtual Business - Personal Finance software.

vbprj-file-extension
vbprj-file-description VBatch-IDE project
vbprj-file-description A vbprj file extension is associated with the VBatch-IDE development tool. A vbprj file stores project.

vbproj-file-extension
vbproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual Basic project
vbproj-file-description A vbproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its Visual Basic project files.

vbr-file-extension
vbr-file-description Visual Basic remote automation registration file
vbr-file-description A vbr file extension is related to the Visual Basic remote automation registration files.

vbransom-file-extension
vbransom-file-description VBRansom 7 ransomware affected file
vbransom-file-description Files with vbransom suffix were renamed (but not encrypted) by the VBRansom ransomware.

vbscript-file-extension
vbscript-file-description Visual Basic script
vbscript-file-description A vbscript file extension is associated with the Visual Basic, development tool and programming language.

vbs_aq-file-extension
vbs_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
vbs_aq-file-description Files with vbs_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

vbt-file-extension
vbt-file-description Spyware Doctor temporary scan data
vbt-file-description Files with vbt file extension is related to the Spyware Doctor and used for its temporary scan data.

vbtlog-file-extension
vbtlog-file-description VBTheory Calculator file
vbtlog-file-description Files with VBTLOG extension can be found as log files created in the VBTheory Calculator program.

vbw-file-extension
vbw-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual Basic workspace
vbw-file-description A vbw file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Basic development environment and used for its workspace files.

vbx-file-extension
vbx-file-description Microsoft Visual Basic Extension
vbx-file-description Files with vbx file extension can be found as extensions for older versions of Visual Basic.

vbz-file-extension
vbz-file-description Visual Basic project template
vbz-file-description A vbz file extension is associated with the Visual Basic, an integrated development tool. A vbz file stores project template.

vb_-file-extension
vb_-file-description Unknown file extension
vb_-file-description Files with vb_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

vb_aq-file-extension
vb_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
vb_aq-file-description Files with vb_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

vc-file-extension
vc-file-description VisiCalc spreadsheet
vc-file-description Files with vc file extension may be very old spreadsheets saved in the legendary VisiCalc spreadsheet editing tool.

vc1-file-extension
vc1-file-description VC-1 video data
vc1-file-description A vc-1 file extension is used for Blu-ray and HD DVD discs. It is a high definition video format using SMPTE 421M video codec.

vc15-file-extension
vc15-file-description Microsoft Visual C 1.5 makefile
vc15-file-description A vc15 file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C and used for its makefiles.

vc2-file-extension
vc2-file-description The Master Genealogist genealogy chart data
vc2-file-description A vc2 file extension is related to Master Genealogist a genealogy software. A vc2 file contains genealogy chart.

vc3-file-extension
vc3-file-description VSampler soundbank file
vc3-file-description Files with vc3 extension are used by VSampler audio software. They are used as compressed data files.

vc4-file-extension
vc4-file-description Virtual CD track description
vc4-file-description A vc4 file extension is related to the Virtual CD CD/DVD drive emulation software. A vc4 file stores trakcs description.

vc5-file-extension
vc5-file-description Microsoft Visual C makefile
vc5-file-description A vc5 file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C version 5. A vc5 file stores makefile.

vc6-file-extension
vc6-file-description Visual C++ makefile
vc6-file-description Files with vc6 file extension might be found as make files made in Microsoft Visual C++ version 6.

vc7-file-extension
vc7-file-description Microsoft Visual C makefile
vc7-file-description A vc7 file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C version 7. A vc7 file stores makefile.

vca-file-extension
vca-file-description Visual Clip Art data
vca-file-description A file extension vca is related to the Visual Clip Art data format.

vcagc-file-extension
vcagc-file-description Citrix XenApp data
vcagc-file-description A vcagc file extension is related to the Citrix XenApp software. A vcagc file contains some kind of data used by XenApp.

vcal-file-extension
vcal-file-description Apple iCal document
vcal-file-description A vcal file extension is related to the Apple Calendar (Apple iCal) and used for its documents.

vcard-file-extension
vcard-file-description vCard contacts
vcard-file-description Files with vcard file extension are contacts files saved in vCard format. Alternative to much more common vcf file extension.

vcb-file-extension
vcb-file-description VMware Consolidated Backup archive
vcb-file-description Files with file extension vcb are in most cases special backups generated with the VMWare Consolidated Backup system in VMware software.

vcc-file-extension
vcc-file-description VersaCheck data
vcc-file-description Files with vcc file extension are used for VersaCheck applications.

vcd-file-extension
vcd-file-description VirtualDrive CD image file
vcd-file-description A vcd file extension is associated with VirtualDrive and used for files that hold complete CD image that can be emulated with the software.

vce-file-extension
vce-file-description Adobe Audition (Cool Edit) NMS data
vce-file-description A vce file extension is related to Adobe Audition (also known as Cool Edit) audio editing tool. A vce file is used to store data for audio editing. It is not supported in the latest versions of Audition.

vcg-file-extension
vcg-file-description Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove vCard contact
vcg-file-description A vcg file extension is related to the Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove vCard format.

vch-file-extension
vch-file-description Master Genealogist genealogy chart
vch-file-description A vch file extension is related to the Master Genealogist a family of history research software.

vci-file-extension
vci-file-description VPHybridCAD native drawing format
vci-file-description Files with vci file suffix are associated with the VPHybridCAD native drawing format.

vciso-file-extension
vciso-file-description Pathea Planet Explorers ISO data
vciso-file-description Files with vcsio file extension can be found as special ISO files from Pathea Planet Explorers program.

vcl-file-extension
vcl-file-description Roxio Video CD layout
vcl-file-description A vcl file extension is related to the Roxio Video CD software. A vcl file contains layout.

vclip-file-extension
vclip-file-description VinylMaster clipart
vclip-file-description A vclip file extension is related to the VinylMaster, a graphics design program. A vclip file stores clipart.

vcm-file-extension
vcm-file-description Grand Theft Auto Vice City mod manager data
vcm-file-description A vcm file extension is related to the Grand Theft Auto Vice City computer game. A vcm file stores mod manager data.

vcn-file-extension
vcn-file-description NCDrive Vacon NX system software data
vcn-file-description A vcn file extension is related to the NCDrive Vacon NX system software files.

vco-file-extension
vco-file-description Virtual CD collection data
vco-file-description A vco file extension is related to the Virtual CD program. A vco file contains collection data.

vcp-file-extension
vcp-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ project
vcp-file-description A vcp file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and Visual C++ development tools. A vcp file contains programming project.

vcpf-file-extension
vcpf-file-description Easy Video Copy & Convert project
vcpf-file-description A vcpf file extension is related to the Easy Video Copy & Convert and used for its project files.

vcpref-file-extension
vcpref-file-description Symantec shared file
vcpref-file-description A vcpref file extension is related to the Norton Antivirus and other tools developed by Symantec. The vcpref file stores shared data.

vcprj-file-extension
vcprj-file-description ConvertXtoVideo project
vcprj-file-description Files with vcprj file extension are associated with the ConvertXtoVideo program. A vcprj file contains project.

vcproj-file-extension
vcproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ project
vcproj-file-description Files with vcproj file extension can be found as projects from Microsoft Visual Studio / Visual C++ development tool.

vcprops-file-extension
vcprops-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 Property sheet file
vcprops-file-description Files with vcprops extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio 2008. They are openable and convertable.

vcr-file-extension
vcr-file-description ATI Personal Video Recorder captured video
vcr-file-description Files with vcr extension are in most cases video recordings made using the old ATI Personal Video Recorder software.

vcrd-file-extension
vcrd-file-description Microsoft Windows Credential Manager password data
vcrd-file-description A vcrd file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Credential Manager and used for its password files.

vcs-file-extension
vcs-file-description vCalendar event
vcs-file-description Files with vcs extension are in most cases related to the vCalendar file format used by Microsoft Outlook and other calendar management applications for various platforms.

vct-file-extension
vct-file-description Visual FoxPro class library
vct-file-description Files with vct file extension are related to Visual FoxPro program. They contain some library data.

vcv-file-extension
vcv-file-description ViewCave video data
vcv-file-description A vcv file extension is related to the ViewCave and sued for its video data files.

vcw-file-extension
vcw-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ workbench data
vcw-file-description Files with vcw file extension are saved workspace settings for Microsoft Visual C++ or Visual Studio.

vcwin32-file-extension
vcwin32-file-description Visual C make file
vcwin32-file-description Detailed description

vcx-file-extension
vcx-file-description FoxPro visual class library
vcx-file-description Files with vcx file extension are kidnred with Microsoft FoxPro and you they are used for files including visual class library data.

vcxitems-file-extension
vcxitems-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio project items
vcxitems-file-description Files with vcxitems file suffix are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio project items.

vcxproj-file-extension
vcxproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ project
vcxproj-file-description Files with vcxproj file extension can be typically found as C++ project files from Microsoft Visual Studio.

vcz-file-extension
vcz-file-description Pictures by PC drawing
vcz-file-description Files with vcz file extension can be found as compressed CAD drawings made in Pictures by PC software from Schott Systeme.

vd-file-extension
vd-file-description PwrDev visual designer project file
vd-file-description Files with vd suffix can be usually found as visual designer projects from the PwrDev form designer. Seems to be somewhat old file type.

vd2-file-extension
vd2-file-description ABB i-bus installation file
vd2-file-description Files with vd2 extension are used for ABB i-bus software as an installation data format.

vd4-file-extension
vd4-file-description ETS Application SwitchME KNX database
vd4-file-description A vd4 file extension is related to ETS Application SwitchME KNX database file format.

vda-file-extension
vda-file-description CAD VDA-FS data exchange format
vda-file-description Files with vda file extension can be mostly found as designs and models saved in CAD VDA-FS data exchange file format.

vdafs-file-extension
vdafs-file-description CAD VDA-FS data exchange format
vdafs-file-description A vdafs file extension is associated with the CAD VDA-FS data exchange file format supported by CrossManager, AutoCAD atc.

vdat-file-extension
vdat-file-description SkyGazer data
vdat-file-description Files with vdat extension can be found as data files from SkyGazer astronomy software.

vdata-file-extension
vdata-file-description Vaulty hidden picture or video
vdata-file-description Files with vdata extension can be usually found as part of Vaulty for Android secure software used to protect picture images and video on a smart device.

vdb-file-extension
vdb-file-description Norton Antivirus virus definition update
vdb-file-description Files with vdb extension are mostly virus definitions for Norton Antivirus program.

vdb3-file-extension
vdb3-file-description VistaDB database
vdb3-file-description Files with vdb3 extension are generally databases based on VistaDB relation database engine. Used in several licensed programs, including Family Tree Maker.

vdbsag-file-extension
vdbsag-file-description Sagem video data
vdbsag-file-description Files with vdbsag file extension can be found as video meta data used by some Sagem DVD recorders. Most likely found along some recorded video files.

vdcl-file-extension
vdcl-file-description VectorDraw compressed drawing
vdcl-file-description Files with vdcl extension can be typically found as compressed drawings created using the VectorDraw drawing tool.

vddproj-file-extension
vddproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio deployment project file
vddproj-file-description Files with vddproj extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio software. They contain saved application projects.

vdf-file-extension
vdf-file-description VirtualDub filter plug-in
vdf-file-description There are 11 other file types  usingthe VDF file extension!

vdic-file-extension
vdic-file-description Password Recovery dictionary file
vdic-file-description Detailed description

vdj-file-extension
vdj-file-description VirtualDJ audio sample
vdj-file-description Files with vdj extension can be found as audio samples made using VirtualDJ software.

vdjcache-file-extension
vdjcache-file-description VirtualDJ cache
vdjcache-file-description A vdjcache file extension is related to the VirtualDJ software and used for its cache files.

vdjsample-file-extension
vdjsample-file-description VirtualDJ audio sample
vdjsample-file-description Files with vdjsample file extension are commonly associated with  VirtualDJ version 8 and higher. A vdjsample file stores audio sample.

vdjsend-file-extension
vdjsend-file-description VirtualDJ send data
vdjsend-file-description A vdjsend file extension is related to VirtualDJ, a professional mixing software. A vdjsend file stores information about audio.

vdk-file-extension
vdk-file-description Ragnarok 2 game data
vdk-file-description A vdk file extension is related to Ragnarok 2, MMORPG computer game. A vdk file stores game data.

vdl-file-extension
vdl-file-description PowerDVD data
vdl-file-description A vdl file extension is related to the PowerDVD software for Windows. A vdl file contains data.

vdm-file-extension
vdm-file-description Vedit macro
vdm-file-description Files with vdm file extension can be found as macros used by Vedit software. The program is a sophisticated text editor for programmers. The vdm macros are used to automate certain tasks.

vdml-file-extension
vdml-file-description VectorDraw drawing data
vdml-file-description A vdml file extension is related to the VectorDraw drawing format used by VectorDraw Developer Framework.

vdo-file-extension
vdo-file-description VDOLive script video image
vdo-file-description Files with vdo file extension are related to the VDOLive multimedia format.

vdoc-file-extension
vdoc-file-description Superior SQL Builder project
vdoc-file-description A vdoc file extension is related to the Superior SQL Builder program. A vdoc file stores project.

vdp-file-extension
vdp-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio deployment project
vdp-file-description A vdp file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its deployment projects.

vdplugin-file-extension
vdplugin-file-description VirtualDub plugin
vdplugin-file-description A vdplugin file extension is related to the VirtualDub and used for its plugin files.

vdproj-file-extension
vdproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++ deployment project
vdproj-file-description Files with vdproj file extension might be found as deployment projects from Microsoft Visual Studio Visual C++.

vdr-file-extension
vdr-file-description VirtualDub Frame Server file format
vdr-file-description Files with vdr file extension are used by VirtualDub Frame Server for its vdr video data.

vdt-file-extension
vdt-file-description Viral Document Toolkit file
vdt-file-description A vdt file extension is related to Viral Document Toolkit software. A vdt file stores data created in Viral Document Toolkit.

vdu-file-extension
vdu-file-description Detailer 3D data
vdu-file-description A vdu file extension is related to the Detailer 3D program and used for its data files.

vdw-file-extension
vdw-file-description BrainVoyager QX diffusion-weighted data
vdw-file-description A vdw file extension is related to the BrainVoyager QX, a tool for analysis and visualization of functional and structural magnetic resonance imaging data sets. A vdw file stores diffusion-weighted data.

vdx-file-extension
vdx-file-description Windows 32-bit system driver
vdx-file-description Files with vdx file extension can be typically found as system drivers in Microsoft Windows operating system. Used mostly in older versions of the system.

vdz-file-extension
vdz-file-description Schneider Vijeo Designer project
vdz-file-description Files with vdz file extension can be typically found as projects from Schneider Vijeo Designer.

ve-file-extension
ve-file-description Vinyl Express LXi design
ve-file-description Files with ve file suffix are associated with the Vinyl Express LXi design format.

ve2-file-extension
ve2-file-description Cyberlink PowerDVD settings
ve2-file-description A ve2 file extension is related to the Cyberlink PowerDVD multimedia player and used for its region settings files.

vec-file-extension
vec-file-description DaVis graphic data
vec-file-description Files with vec file extension can be found as graphics used in DaVis a laser imaging software. Default format.

vect-file-extension
vect-file-description Geomview OOGL vect object
vect-file-description Files with vect file extension might be found as OOGL vector objects for Geomview.

ved-file-extension
ved-file-description Visionaire Studio data
ved-file-description A ved file extension is related to the Visionaire Studio and used for its data files.

vee-file-extension
vee-file-description HP VEE project
vee-file-description A vee file extension is related to the HP VEE (Agilent VEE) and used for its project files.

vef-file-extension
vef-file-description HTC encrypted contacts
vef-file-description Files with vef extension may be found as exported, password protected contact backups from some HTC smartphones.

veg-file-extension
veg-file-description MAGIX Vegas Pro video project
veg-file-description Files with veg extension is related to the MAGIX Vegas Pro (Sonic Foundry Vegas or Sony Vegas) and used for its video project files.

vegaswindowlayout-file-extension
vegaswindowlayout-file-description Vegas Pro window settings
vegaswindowlayout-file-description A vegaswindowlayout file extension is related to the Sony Vegas video editor and used for its user defined user interface settings.

veh-file-extension
veh-file-description Fly! vehicle description data
veh-file-description A veh file extension is related to the Fly! video game from Terminal Reality. A veh file contains vehicle description data.

vel-file-extension
vel-file-description NEPLAN Network Differences file
vel-file-description Files with vel extension are used for NETPLAN software. They contain networks data.

velf-file-extension
velf-file-description Sony PS Vita ELF binary
velf-file-description A velf file extension si related to the Vita SDK, a development tool for Windows, OS X (macOS) and Linux used for creating games for PSP vita.

vellum-file-extension
vellum-file-description Vellum e-book project
vellum-file-description A vellum file extension is related to the Vellum e-book project file format.

vem-file-extension
vem-file-description Sony Micro Vault compressed data
vem-file-description A vem file extension is related to the Sony Micro Vault and used for its compressed data files.

venusf-file-extension
venusf-file-description Venus Locker ransomware affected file
venusf-file-description Files with venusf suffix may be found as encrypted files of all kinds that were affected by the Venus Locker ransomware.

vep-file-extension
vep-file-description AVS Video Editor project
vep-file-description Files with vep file extension can be mainly found as video projects from AVS Video Editor video editing tool.

vep4-file-extension
vep4-file-description AVS Video Editor project
vep4-file-description A vep4 file extension is related to the AVS Video Editor and used for its project files.

ver-file-extension
ver-file-description Version description
ver-file-description Files with ver extension are mostly related to the Version description file format. Text file that contains various information.

verb-file-extension
verb-file-description Unknown file extension
verb-file-description Files with verb file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

verify-file-extension
verify-file-description Doom game data
verify-file-description A verify file extension is related to the Doom, a 3D action shooter video game for Windows, Xbox and Playstation 4.

vers-file-extension
vers-file-description Version description data
vers-file-description A vers file extension is related to version description files used by many apps.

version-file-extension
version-file-description Linux GateD daemon data
version-file-description A version file extension is related to the Linux operating system. A version file stores version number gated daemon.

vert-file-extension
vert-file-description QT shader file
vert-file-description Files with vert suffix can be most often found as special vertex shaders from QT development tools.

ves-file-extension
ves-file-description C Visual Explorer saved state file
ves-file-description Files with ves extension are used for C Visual Explorer program which is used to analyze historical data to visualize them. They include saved states of C Visual Explorer.

vet-file-extension
vet-file-description VET antivirus system file
vet-file-description Files with vet extension are used by VET antivirus system. They include data for internal purposes of the VET.

vew-file-extension
vew-file-description IBM Lotus Approach view data
vew-file-description A vew file extension is related to the IBM Lotus Approach view files.

vex-file-extension
vex-file-description VLBI experiment definition data
vex-file-description A vex file extension is related to the VLBI experiment definition data format.

vexe-file-extension
vexe-file-description Infected executable
vexe-file-description Files with vexe file extension can be notoriously found as executables infected with some related to some malicious software.

vexporter-file-extension
vexporter-file-description Stronghold 3 editor data
vexporter-file-description A vExporter file extension is related to the Stronghold game map editor distributed with the Stronghold 3 computer game.

ve_-file-extension
ve_-file-description Unknown file extension
ve_-file-description Files with ve_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

vf-file-extension
vf-file-description Vegas Movie Studio project
vf-file-description A vf file extension is related to Vegas Movie Studio developed by Sony. A vf file stores video editing project created in Vegas Movie Studio.

vf1-file-extension
vf1-file-description Birch BP-743 variable pitch font
vf1-file-description A vf1 file extension is related to the Birch BP-743 variable pitch font file format.

vf3-file-extension
vf3-file-description Vaultlet Suite encrypted data
vf3-file-description A vf3 file extension is related to the obsolete Vaultlet Suite encrypted file format.

vfa-file-extension
vfa-file-description FontLab database file
vfa-file-description Files with vfa extension are used by the FontLab program.

vfb-file-extension
vfb-file-description Font description data
vfb-file-description Files with vfb file extension can be usually found as font description files based on the Adobe Font Development Kit app.

vfc-file-extension
vfc-file-description VentaFax cover page
vfc-file-description Files with vfc file extension can be sometimes found as cover page data files from the VentaFax software.

vfd-file-extension
vfd-file-description Virtual PC virtual floppy disk image
vfd-file-description The vfd file extension is related to the Virtual PC a virtualization software from Microsoft. The vfd file stores virtual floppy disk image.

vfe-file-extension
vfe-file-description Left 4 Dead game data
vfe-file-description A vfe file extension is related to the Left 4 Dead, a 3D action shooter computer game. A vfe file stores game data.

vff-file-extension
vff-file-description Sun TAAC bitmap image
vff-file-description A vff file extension is related to the Sun TAAC bitmap image file format.

vfi-file-extension
vfi-file-description Metro 2033 game data
vfi-file-description A vfi file extension is related to the Metro 2033 and used for its game data files.

vfj-file-extension
vfj-file-description Personal Backup data
vfj-file-description A vfj file extension is associated with the Personal Backup software for Microsoft Windows.

vfk-file-extension
vfk-file-description Czech Cadastral Exchange Data Format
vfk-file-description Files with file extension vfk can be found as Czech Cadastral Exchange Data Format.

vfl-file-extension
vfl-file-description PrintMaster Gold ClipArt data
vfl-file-description A vfl file extension is related to the PrinterMaster Gold and used for its clipart files.

vfm-file-extension
vfm-file-description Ventura Publisher font metrics
vfm-file-description A vfm file extension is related to the Ventura Publisher a DTP software. A vfm file stores font metrics.

vfn-file-extension
vfn-file-description Stronghold 3 game data
vfn-file-description A vfn file extension is related to the Stronghold 3 video game and used for its game data files.

vfo-file-extension
vfo-file-description VOB 5 DVD video
vfo-file-description Files with vfo file extension can be mostly found as variant of VOB MPEG2 video format which is used on some DVD-video disks.

vfont-file-extension
vfont-file-description Valve Source font
vfont-file-description A vfont file extension is related to the Valve Source gaming engine and used for its font files.

vforvendetta-file-extension
vforvendetta-file-description Samsam (variant) ransomware affected file
vforvendetta-file-description Files with VforVendetta suffix may also be found as files encrypted and renamed by one of the variants of Samsam ransomware.

vfp-file-extension
vfp-file-description TMPGEnc VFAPI plug-in
vfp-file-description Files with vfp file extension is related to the TMPGEnc encoder and used for VFAPI plug-ins.

vfproj-file-extension
vfproj-file-description Visual Studio Intel Fortran project
vfproj-file-description A vfproj file extension is associated with the Visual Studio, a development software. A vfproj file stores project.

vfr-file-extension
vfr-file-description UEFI VFR code
vfr-file-description A vfr file extension is related to the EDK II and used for its UEFI VFR codes.

vfs-file-extension
vfs-file-description UFO game archive
vfs-file-description A vfs file extension is related to UFO computer game series developed by Altar Games. A vfs file stores game data.

vfs0-file-extension
vfs0-file-description Metro 2033 sound
vfs0-file-description Files with vfs0 file extension can be primarily found as game resource data for Metro 2033 3D action shooter computer game.

vfs1-file-extension
vfs1-file-description Metro 2033 game data
vfs1-file-description A vfs1 file extension is related to the Metro 2033 video game and used for its game data.

vfs2-file-extension
vfs2-file-description NUVICO EasyNet backup
vfs2-file-description A vfs2 file extension is related to the NUVICO EasyNet NVR and DVR devices.

vfs3-file-extension
vfs3-file-description NUVICO EasyNet backup
vfs3-file-description A vfs3 file extension si related to the NUVICO EasyNet backup files.

vfs4-file-extension
vfs4-file-description NUVICO EasyNet backup
vfs4-file-description A vfs4 file extension is related to the EasyNet DVRs and NVRs. A vfs4 file contains backup of data from NUVICO EasyNet.

vft-file-extension
vft-file-description Corel VideoStudio filter file
vft-file-description Files with vft extension are used by Corel VideoStudio program developed by Corel Corporation.

vfw-file-extension
vfw-file-description Video for Windows
vfw-file-description A vfw file extension is associated with the Video for Windows video format.

vfx-file-extension
vfx-file-description Animation Master volumetric effect plug-in file
vfx-file-description Files with vfx suffix are in most cases plug-ins with volumetric effect for Animation Master animation software.

vfz-file-extension
vfz-file-description Creative Live! Webcam video effects
vfz-file-description Files with vfz file extension are settings with special effects for Creative Live! Web cameras.

vfz3-file-extension
vfz3-file-description Creative AVFX data
vfz3-file-description A vfz3 file extension is related to audio devices developed by Creative. A vfz3 file contains data.

vg-file-extension
vg-file-description VGuard H.264 video
vg-file-description A vg file extension is used for VGuard H.264 video files.

vg2-file-extension
vg2-file-description Media Player Classic video data
vg2-file-description A vg2 file extension is related to the Media Player Classic software. A vg2 file stores video data.

vga-file-extension
vga-file-description Bitmap image
vga-file-description Files with vga file extension can mostly be found as old bitmap images, but in early Windows it was also sometimes used for VGA drivers.

vgb-file-extension
vgb-file-description VoloGest management database
vgb-file-description Files with vgb file extension are in most cases database files used in one of the accessory software programs for VoloGest devices.

vgc-file-extension
vgc-file-description ViziGen source code
vgc-file-description A vgc file extension is related to the ViziGen, a development software. A vgc file stores source code.

vgd-file-extension
vgd-file-description VGA CADD display driver
vgd-file-description A vgd file extension is related to the VGA CADD display driver for General CADD Pro software.

vgf-file-extension
vgf-file-description GEMPAK VGF data
vgf-file-description A vgf file extension is related to the GEneral Meteorology PAcKage developed by UCAR (University Corporation for Atmospheric Research).

vghd-file-extension
vghd-file-description VirtuaGirlHD model videoclip
vghd-file-description Files with vghd extension may be typically encountered as videoclips for VirtuaGirl HD model dancing screensaver program.

vgi-file-extension
vgi-file-description Vista Game Information
vgi-file-description Files with vgi extension is used for Vista Game Explorer Editor program. They include text archive files.

vgl-file-extension
vgl-file-description VGStudio project
vgl-file-description A vgl file extension is related to the VGStudio and used for its project files.

vgm-file-extension
vgm-file-description Video Game Music file
vgm-file-description Files with vgm suffix may be quite often found as game music file in Video Game Music format for Sega Genesis and Sega Game Gear.

vgm7z-file-extension
vgm7z-file-description XWE data
vgm7z-file-description A vgm7z file extension is related to the XWE editing tool for Windows.

vgp-file-extension
vgp-file-description Vectir profile group data
vgp-file-description Files with vgp file extension can be found as saved profile groups from Vectir program.

vgq-file-extension
vgq-file-description VGuard H.264 video file
vgq-file-description The VGQ file extension is used for VGuard H.264 video files.

vgr-file-extension
vgr-file-description Ventura Publisher bitmap picture
vgr-file-description A vgr file extension is related to the Ventura Publisher and used for its bitmap pictures.

vgs-file-extension
vgs-file-description Virtual Game Station memory card save
vgs-file-description A vgs file extension is related to the Virtual Game Station and used for its memory card saves.

vgt-file-extension
vgt-file-description Driver 3 VGT game data
vgt-file-description A vgt file extension is related to the Driver 3, an action racing computer game. A vgt file stores some kind of game data.

vgx-file-extension
vgx-file-description VGuard H.264 video data
vgx-file-description A vgx file extension is used for VGuard H.264 video files.

vgz-file-extension
vgz-file-description VGuard proprietary H.264 CODEC video
vgz-file-description Files with vgz extension can be mostly found as special video recordings created  using DigitalVDO security cameras. Features VGuard H.264 codec and time stamping.gz

vh-file-extension
vh-file-description WinHelp VH data
vh-file-description Files with vh file extension might also be found as old help files from WinHelp.

vhb-file-extension
vhb-file-description Renee Becca backup archive
vhb-file-description Files with vhb file extension are related to the Renee Becca backup archive format.

vhc-file-extension
vhc-file-description Big Red Racing vehicle data
vhc-file-description A vhc file extension is related to the Big Red Racing computer game.

vhddat-file-extension
vhddat-file-description VirtuaGirl HD model package
vhddat-file-description Files with vhddat file extension may be mostly found as model packages relevant data for VirtuaGirl HD software for Windows.

vhddld-file-extension
vhddld-file-description VirtuaGirl HD data
vhddld-file-description Files with vhddld file extension are mostly related with VirtuaGirl HD screensaver and used for one of its default data files.

vhdinf-file-extension
vhdinf-file-description VirtuaGirl HD model package installation
vhdinf-file-description Files with vhdinf file extension can be found as model installation packages for VirtuaGirl HD dancing girls screen saver.

vhdl-file-extension
vhdl-file-description Quartus II VHDL design
vhdl-file-description A vhdl file suffix is associated with the Quartus II design program. A vhdl file contains VHDL design.

vhdpmem-file-extension
vhdpmem-file-description Hyper-V persistent memory device image
vhdpmem-file-description A vhdpmem file extension is related to the Hyper-V, a virtualization platform and used for its persistent memory device images.

vhdshows-file-extension
vhdshows-file-description VirtuaGirl HD video show
vhdshows-file-description Files with vhdshows file extension can be found as some kind of video show data for individual models in VirtuaGirl HD program.

vhdtrailers-file-extension
vhdtrailers-file-description VirtuaGirlHD video trailer
vhdtrailers-file-description Files with vhdtrailers file extension can be found as some kind of video trailers for VirtuaGirl HD screen saver.

vhm-file-extension
vhm-file-description HotMux thermocouple data log
vhm-file-description A vhm file extension is related to the HotMux thermocouple data log file format.

vho-file-extension
vho-file-description Xilinx instantiation template
vho-file-description A vho file extension is related to the Xilinx instantiation template format used by Xilinx tools.

vhpack-file-extension
vhpack-file-description Virtual Hypnotist package installer file
vhpack-file-description The vhpack file extension is related to the Virtual Hypnotist and used for its package installer files.

vhs-file-extension
vhs-file-description Motorola MSS Box flex
vhs-file-description A vhs file extension is related to the Motorola MSS Box flex file format.

vhv-file-extension
vhv-file-description Half-Life 2 lighting data
vhv-file-description A vhv file extension is related to the Half-Life 2 video game. A vhv file stores lightning data.

vi-file-extension
vi-file-description LabVIEW virtual instrument
vi-file-description A vi file extension is related to the LabVIEW virtual instrument file format.

vi1-file-extension
vi1-file-description Kaspersky Anti-Virus data
vi1-file-description A vi1 file extension is related to the Kaspersky Anti-Virus a security software.

vi2-file-extension
vi2-file-description Kaspersky Anti-Virus quarantine data
vi2-file-description Files with vi2 extension are mostly related to Kaspersky Anti-Virus software for Windows. Used when a potentially dangerous file is renamed.

via-file-extension
via-file-description ARM Compiler data
via-file-description Files with via file suffix are related to the µVision4 development program. A via file stores data for compiler.

vib-file-extension
vib-file-description Chemsoft Export/Import MSDS data
vib-file-description Files with vib file extension can be mostly encountered as special interchange data files used by various ChemSoft programs.

vic-file-extension
vic-file-description Vicar graphics data
vic-file-description A .vic file extension is related with VICAR - Video Image Communication and Retrieval image format.

vicar-file-extension
vicar-file-description VICAR graphics data
vicar-file-description A .vicar file extension is related to VICAR - Video Image Communication and Retrieval image processing software.

vid-file-extension
vid-file-description Generic video
vid-file-description A vid file extension is related to some kind of vide file format compatible with Apple QuickTime.

video-file-extension
video-file-description aTube Catcher video data
video-file-description The video file extension is used by the aTube Catcher download utility used to download videos from on-line video sharing servers.

video_last_thumb-file-extension
video_last_thumb-file-description Google Android thumbnail data
video_last_thumb-file-description A video_last_thumb file extension is related to the Google Android and used for its thumbnail files.

view-file-extension
view-file-description GOM Atos scanner data
view-file-description Files with view file extension can be found as scanned documents from GOM Atos scanners.

viewlet-file-extension
viewlet-file-description Qarbon Viewlet
viewlet-file-description A viewlet file extension is related to the Qarbon Viewlet developed by Qarbon Inc.

vif-file-extension
vif-file-description TomTom Navigator voices
vif-file-description Files with vif file extension can mainly be found as voice settings for TomTom Navigator GPS software.

viff-file-extension
viff-file-description Khoros Visualization bitmap image
viff-file-description A viff file extension is related to the Khoros Visualization bitmap image format.

vig-file-extension
vig-file-description Audio data
vig-file-description A vig file extension is related to some sort of audio data format.

vih-file-extension
vih-file-description Video metadata
vih-file-description Files with vih file extension might be found as video metadata files created in some video recording set-top-boxes.

viivo-file-extension
viivo-file-description Viivo encrypted data
viivo-file-description A viivo file extension is related to the Viivo encrypting software. A viivo file stores encrypted data.

vik-file-extension
vik-file-description Viking data
vik-file-description Files with vik file extension might be found as part of Viking program.

vim-file-extension
vim-file-description Vim script
vim-file-description Files with vim file extension can be mainly found as scripts from Vim text editor.

vimrc-file-extension
vimrc-file-description Vim runtime configuration
vimrc-file-description A vimrc file extension is related to the Vim a text editing tool. A vimrc file stores configuration data for Vim.

vin-file-extension
vin-file-description AWR project settings
vin-file-description Files with vin extension might be found as project settings files for National Instruments AVR.

vindows-file-extension
vindows-file-description Vindows Locker ransomware affected file
vindows-file-description Files with vindows suffix are files encrypted and affected by the Vindows Locker ransomware.

vip-file-extension
vip-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Visual Basic InterDev project
vip-file-description Files with vip extension are mostly related to the Microsoft Visual Studio programming environment and used for its Visual Basic InterDev projects.

vip3-file-extension
vip3-file-description Husqvarna Viking Stitch file format
vip3-file-description The vip3 file extension is related to the Viking Stitch file format used by some types of Husqvarna embroidery machines.

vir-file-extension
vir-file-description Virus infected data
vir-file-description Files with vir suffix are in most cases related to some anti-virus apps like Kaspersky Anti-Virus, Norton Antivirus etc. Typically stores infected data quarantined by antivirus.

virtualvillagers4thetreeoflifesavedgame-file-extension
virtualvillagers4thetreeoflifesavedgame-file-description Virtual Villagers saved game
virtualvillagers4thetreeoflifesavedgame-file-description The virtualvillagers4thetreeoflifesavedgame file extension is related to the Virtual Villagers saved game files.

virtualvillagersnewhomesavedgame-file-extension
virtualvillagersnewhomesavedgame-file-description Virtual Villagers saved game
virtualvillagersnewhomesavedgame-file-description The virtualvillagersnewhomesavedgame file extension is related to the Virtual Villagers saved game files.

vis-file-extension
vis-file-description Microsoft Flight Simulator visibility image
vis-file-description A vis file extension is associated with the information format developed for simulation purposes that includes scenery and maps.

visa-file-extension
visa-file-description Apple File Exchange file
visa-file-description Files with visa extension are used for Apple File Exchange.

vismat-file-extension
vismat-file-description Rhino V-Ray material data
vismat-file-description Files with vismat file extension can be found as material files for Rhine V-Ray program.

visual-file-extension
visual-file-description World of Tanks 3D model surface
visual-file-description A visual file extension is related to the World of Tanks 3D model surface format.

visual_processed-file-extension
visual_processed-file-description World of Tanks 3D model surface
visual_processed-file-description A visual_processed file extension is used for World of Tanks, a popular multiplayer game. A visual_processed file stores 3D model surface.

vit-file-extension
vit-file-description VITec scanner raster format
vit-file-description Files with vit file extension can mainly be found as digital images created using VITec scanner devices.

viv-file-extension
viv-file-description VivoActive video
viv-file-description Files with viv extension can be generally found as video files. Either from the now discontinued VivoActive platform, or perhaps Vividas.

vivo-file-extension
vivo-file-description RealNetworks VivoActive movies and audio
vivo-file-description The vivo file extension is related to the RealNetworks VivoActive movies and audio format.

viw-file-extension
viw-file-description Microsoft SQL Server view script
viw-file-description A viw file extension is related to the Microsoft SQL Server view script files.

vix-file-extension
vix-file-description ACUCOBOL-GT index
vix-file-description A vix file extension is related to the ACUCOBOL-GT development tool. A vix file stores index.

viz-file-extension
viz-file-description Visualize-IT data
viz-file-description A viz file extension is related to the Visualize-IT, a data visualization software. A viz file contains document.

vjb-file-extension
vjb-file-description Visustin job data
vjb-file-description A vjb file extension is related to the Visustin program and used for its job files.

vjp-file-extension
vjp-file-description Microsoft Visual J++ project
vjp-file-description A vjp file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its Visual J++ programming projects.

vjsproj-file-extension
vjsproj-file-description Microsoft Visual J# project
vjsproj-file-description A vjsproj file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual J# development software. The vjsproj file stores some kind of data used by Visual J#.

vjsprojdata-file-extension
vjsprojdata-file-description Visual J# file
vjsprojdata-file-description A vjsprojdata file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual J# programming software.

vkdj-file-extension
vkdj-file-description Vkontakte.DJ playlist
vkdj-file-description Files with vkdj file extension are in most cases multimedia playlists for Vkontakte.DJ media player.

vkf-file-extension
vkf-file-description Videonizer activation key data
vkf-file-description Files with vkf file extension can be found as activation keys for Videonizer software.

vkm-file-extension
vkm-file-description VICE keyboard settings
vkm-file-description A vkm file extension is related to the VICE (Versatile Computer Emulator). A vkm file stores keyboard settings.

vkp-file-extension
vkp-file-description Sony Ericsson firmware patch
vkp-file-description A vkp file extension is related to the Sony Ericsson mobile phones. A vkp file stores patch for their firmware that can be installed with the service software.

vks-file-extension
vks-file-description VMware Workstation data
vks-file-description A vks file extension is related to the VMware Workstation and used for its data files.

vl-file-extension
vl-file-description Visual Labels project
vl-file-description Files with vl extension can be typically found as label document projects from Visual Labels labeling software.

vl2-file-extension
vl2-file-description Tribes 2 game data
vl2-file-description Files with vl2 file extension can be mainly found as game data files from Tribes 2 computer game.

vlab-file-extension
vlab-file-description VisionLab Studio project
vlab-file-description A vlab file extension is related to the VisionLab Studio. The vlab file stores project.

vlb-file-extension
vlb-file-description Corel Ventura Library
vlb-file-description Library file of Corel Ventura software has vlb file extension.

vlc-file-extension
vlc-file-description VLC media player playlist
vlc-file-description Files with vlc suffix are playlists for the popular VLC media player. Contains list of songs or videos to be played in specific or random order.

vlcl-file-extension
vlcl-file-description VMware Workstation localization data
vlcl-file-description Files with vlcl file extension are related to the VMware Workstation and used for its localization data.

vld-file-extension
vld-file-description DataFlex variable length datafile
vld-file-description Files with vld file extension can mostly be found as data files from DataFlex software.

vle-file-extension
vle-file-description Virtual Labs Electricity circuit data
vle-file-description A vle file extension is related to the Edmark's Virtual Electricity Lab and used for its circuit data.

vlg-file-extension
vlg-file-description VentaFax logbook
vlg-file-description A vlg file extension is associated with the VentaFax logbook file format developed by Venta Association.

vll-file-extension
vll-file-description Virtual Light Lab show file
vll-file-description Files with vll extension are used for Virtual Light Lab application. They include some graphics data.

vlm-file-extension
vlm-file-description Novell Netware virtual loadable module
vlm-file-description A vlm file extension is associated with the Novell Netware virtual loadable modules.

vlmc-file-extension
vlmc-file-description VLMC project
vlmc-file-description Files with vlmc file extension can be found as saved projects from VLMC - VideoLAN Movie Creator software.

vlogo-file-extension
vlogo-file-description VinylMaster logo
vlogo-file-description A vlogo file extension is related to the VinylMaster and used for its logo files.

vlp-file-extension
vlp-file-description LiveSite project
vlp-file-description Files with vlp file extension were used for a website project file from Valadeo LiveSite. They contain HTML images, pages etc. It is no longer used as it was replaced by software like Adobe Dreamweaver and many others.

vlr-file-extension
vlr-file-description Visual Liturgy lectionary plan
vlr-file-description A vlr file extension is related to the Visual Liturgy, a service planning program. A vlr file contains lectionary plan.

vls-file-extension
vls-file-description Visual Localize script
vls-file-description Files with vls extension can be mainly encountered as scripts from Visual Localize localization software.

vlt-file-extension
vlt-file-description Darn! Passwords! vault
vlt-file-description A vlt file extension is related to the Darn! Passwords! and used for its vault files.

vlw-file-extension
vlw-file-description Processing font
vlw-file-description A vlw file extension is related to the Processing programming language. A vlw file contains font.

vlx-file-extension
vlx-file-description AutoCAD AutoLISP macro application
vlx-file-description A vlx file extension is related to Autodesk AutoCAD, a CAD modeling software. A vlx file contains macro application for AutoCAD written in AutoLISP programming language.

vlz-file-extension
vlz-file-description PTV Vissim compiled delay data
vlz-file-description Files with vlz file suffix are related to the PTV Vissim compiled delay data format.

vm-file-extension
vm-file-description Velocity template
vm-file-description Files with vm extension can be often found as templates, for example from Apache Velocity engine.

vm1-file-extension
vm1-file-description Panasonic voice
vm1-file-description Files with vm1 file extension can be mainly found as voice data recorded by the voice recorders developed by the Panasonic.

vmac-file-extension
vmac-file-description VMware configuration data
vmac-file-description A vmac file extension is related to the VMware Workstation and other VMware apps. A .vmac file contains some sort of configuration data for virtual machine.

vmap-file-extension
vmap-file-description ManGoS file
vmap-file-description Fiels with vmap extension are used by MaNGOS utitility.

vmb-file-extension
vmb-file-description Quicken 2002 order data
vmb-file-description The vmb file extension is related to the Quicken 2002 and used for its order files.

vmba-file-extension
vmba-file-description VMware configuration
vmba-file-description A vmba file extension is associated with VMware virtualization applications. A vmba file contains some sort of configuration for virtual machine.

vmbx-file-extension
vmbx-file-description HP TRIM Outlook saved message
vmbx-file-description Files with vmbx extension are saved massages in HP TRIM document format. Created in Outlook.

vmc-file-extension
vmc-file-description Microsoft Virtual PC settings
vmc-file-description A vmc file extension is used for Microsoft Virtual PC settings files. File contains complete settings for Microsoft Virtual machine such as processor settings, memory settings, graphic card settings, net connection, USB settings. A vmc file is related to VHD file, where is stored virtual machine disk image.

vmcx-file-extension
vmcx-file-description Microsoft Virtual PC virtual machine shell information
vmcx-file-description A vmcx file extension is used for Microsoft Virtual PC virtual machine shell information files.

vmcz-file-extension
vmcz-file-description Hyper-V imported virtual machine
vmcz-file-description An vmcz file extension is related to the Hyper-V, a virtualization technology included in Windows. A vmcz file stores imported virtual machine.

vmd-file-extension
vmd-file-description Visual Molecular Dynamics data
vmd-file-description A vmd file extension is related to the Visual Molecular Dynamics, a molecular visualization software. A vmd file stores chemical data.

vmdf-file-extension
vmdf-file-description MyWinLocker encrypted virtual drive
vmdf-file-description Files with vmdf suffix may also possibly be encrypted virtual drives (storages) created using MyWinLocker data encryption software.

vmdk-converttmp-file-extension
vmdk-converttmp-file-description VMware Fusion temporary data
vmdk-converttmp-file-description A vmdk-converttmp file extension is related to the VMware Fusion and used for its temporary data files.

vme-file-extension
vme-file-description Virtual Matrix encryption data
vme-file-description Files with vme file extension can be found as encrypted data files from Virtual Matrix software.

vmenu-file-extension
vmenu-file-description VCD Menu Lite data
vmenu-file-description A vmenu file extension is related to the VCD Menu Lite from Briggs Softworks.

vmf-file-extension
vmf-file-description Corel Ventura Publisher font characteristics
vmf-file-description A vmf file extension is related to the Corel Ventura Publisher and used for its font characteristics files.

vmf_autosave-file-extension
vmf_autosave-file-description Valve Hammer Editor auto save file
vmf_autosave-file-description Files with vmf_autosave extension are used by the Valve Hammer Editor. They contain automatically saved projects.

vmg-file-extension
vmg-file-description Nokia saved text message
vmg-file-description Files with vmg extension are mainly used for text files that contain saved SMS message from Nokia mobile phones.

vmhf-file-extension
vmhf-file-description VMware ACE hot fix
vmhf-file-description A vmhf file extension is related to the VMware ACE and used for its hot fix files.

vmhr-file-extension
vmhr-file-description VMware ACE hot fix file
vmhr-file-description The VHMR file extension is related to the VMware ACE and used for its hot fix files.

vmi-file-extension
vmi-file-description Sega Dreamcast download info
vmi-file-description A vmi file extension is associated with the Sega Dreamcast console. A vmi file stores download info.

vmk-file-extension
vmk-file-description Visual Module of Knowledge Data
vmk-file-description A vmk file extension is related to the Visual Module of Knowledge Data compression format.

vml-file-extension
vml-file-description Vector Markup Language code
vml-file-description A vml file extension is related to the Vector Markup Language used to visualize vector graphic data. It is using XML syntax.

vmlf-file-extension
vmlf-file-description AVI movie
vmlf-file-description A vmlf file extension is related to the Sony VAIO Recovery for Microsoft Windows. A vmlf file contains video data in AVI format created after recovery the system.

vmlog-file-extension
vmlog-file-description VMware replay recording
vmlog-file-description A vmlog file extension is related to the VMware Workstation and used for its replay recording files.

vmlt-file-extension
vmlt-file-description VMLF related data
vmlt-file-description Files with vmlt file extension are generally related to OS recovery files on Sony VAIO notebooks.

vmm-file-extension
vmm-file-description Visual Mind document file
vmm-file-description Files with vmm extension are used for Visual Mind program developed by Mind Technologies company.

vmn-file-extension
vmn-file-description Markush DARC data
vmn-file-description Files with vmn file extension can be found as special Markush DARC chemistry data files.

vmo-file-extension
vmo-file-description Siemens SL45 mobile phone voice record
vmo-file-description Files with vmo file extension can also be voice recordings from Siemens SL45 mobile phone.

vmoapp-file-extension
vmoapp-file-description VMware vCenter Orchestrator application
vmoapp-file-description A vmoapp file extension is related to the VMware vCenter Orchestrator and used for its application files.

vmod-file-extension
vmod-file-description Vassal module
vmod-file-description Files with vmod extension can be found as game modules made in VASSAL platform.

vmoptions-file-extension
vmoptions-file-description install4j VM parameters data
vmoptions-file-description Files with vmoptions file extension are special parameters for install4j Java installer software.

vmox-file-extension
vmox-file-description Virtual MakeOver content file
vmox-file-description The *.vmox file extension is related to the Virtual MakeOver.

vmp-file-extension
vmp-file-description VinylMaster Pro data
vmp-file-description Files with vmp file extension can be mostly encountered as some kind of data files for VinylMaster Pro software for creating vinyl signage.

vmpl-file-extension
vmpl-file-description WMvare policy data
vmpl-file-description A vmpl file extension is related to the VMware Workstation and used for its policy files.

vmr-file-extension
vmr-file-description VBMaximizer data
vmr-file-description Files with vmr file extension might be mainly found as part of VBMaximizer programming extensions.

vmrs-file-extension
vmrs-file-description Hyper-V virtual machine runtime state data
vmrs-file-description Files with vmrs file extension are associated with the Hyper-V virtual machine runtime state data format.

vms-file-extension
vms-file-description Dreamcast VMU save file
vms-file-description Files with vms suffix may be mostly encountered as VMU (Visual Memory Unit) saves from games for Sega Dreamcast video console.

vmsd-file-extension
vmsd-file-description VMware snapshots and metadata
vmsd-file-description A vmsd file extension is used for snapshot metadata files used by VMware Workstation virtualization software.

vmsg-file-extension
vmsg-file-description Versit message format
vmsg-file-description Files in vmsg file extension can be found as saved instant messaging conversations from programs that still use the VMSG specification for their messages.

vmsn-file-extension
vmsn-file-description VMware snapshot state
vmsn-file-description A vmsn file extension is related to the VMware Workstation. A vmsn file contains snapshot state.

vmss-file-extension
vmss-file-description VMware suspended state
vmss-file-description Files with vmss extension might be found as part of VMware virtualization software. Suspended state file type.

vmt-file-extension
vmt-file-description Valve Material Type data
vmt-file-description Files with vmt file extension can be usually found as graphics packs Valve Material Type format. for Half-Life 2 source.

vmtm-file-extension
vmtm-file-description VMware team configuration
vmtm-file-description A vmtm file extension is related to the VMware Workstation and other virtualization applications developed by VMware. A vmtm file contains configuration data.

vmtr-file-extension
vmtr-file-description Doom game data
vmtr-file-description A vmtr file extension is related to the Doom (Doom 4) video game based on id Tech 6 gaming engine.

vmu-file-extension
vmu-file-description NanoZoomer uncompressed slide images
vmu-file-description Files with vmu extension can be mostly encountered as digital slide images from NanoZoomer digital scanners.

vmv-file-extension
vmv-file-description VirtualNES or VisualBoyAdvance file
vmv-file-description The vmv extension files are used by emulators like VirtualNES or VisualBoyAdvance and they are used as internal data file format.

vmxa-file-extension
vmxa-file-description VMware ACE master configuration
vmxa-file-description Files with vxma file extension might also be found as part of VMware ACE virtualization software.

vmxf-file-extension
vmxf-file-description VMware team virtual machine configuration
vmxf-file-description A vmxf file extension is associated with the VMware Workstation and other VMware products. A vmfx file contains configuration for virtual machine.

vmz-file-extension
vmz-file-description Novapoint protected virtual map
vmz-file-description Files with vmz file extension are related to the Novapoint protected virtual map format.

vna-file-extension
vna-file-description Video Capture album
vna-file-description A vna file extension is related to the JLIP VideoCapture from Victor Company of Japan.

vnc-file-extension
vnc-file-description VNC configuration file
vnc-file-description Files with vnc extension are used for Virtual Network Computing as a configuration file which include settings data.

vncloc-file-extension
vncloc-file-description Apple Screen Sharing internet location data
vncloc-file-description A vncloc file extension is related to the Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system for Apple Mac computers.

vnd-file-extension
vnd-file-description Medlin Accounting vendor information
vnd-file-description A vnd file extension is related to the Medlin Accounting vendor information file format.

vnf-file-extension
vnf-file-description Vision Numeric font
vnf-file-description A vnf file extension is related to the Vision Numeric font format used by Type3 software from Vision numeric USA.

vns-file-extension
vns-file-description Visual Net Server data
vns-file-description A vns file extension is related to the Visual Net Server tool for developing content systems.

vnscene-file-extension
vnscene-file-description EdgeFX scene
vnscene-file-description A vnscene file extension is related to the EdgeFX a diagramming tool. A vnscene file stores scene.

vnt-file-extension
vnt-file-description Decorating Vignette web interior decorating plug-in
vnt-file-description A vnt file extension is related to Decorating Vignette. A vnt file stores web interior decorating plug-in.

vnu-file-extension
vnu-file-description CoffeeCup Visual Site Designer project
vnu-file-description A vnu file extension is related to the CoffeeCup Visual Site Designer. A vnu file stores project.

vnw-file-extension
vnw-file-description Renamed RAR archive
vnw-file-description A vnw file extension is related to WinRAR archive. It is used by some warez groups for their games or movies releases.

vo2-file-extension
vo2-file-description Celestial Impact map
vo2-file-description A vo2 file extension is related to the Celestial Impact and used for its map files.

voc-file-extension
voc-file-description Creative Labs sound data
voc-file-description A voc file extension is related to the audio file format developed by Creative Labs. A voc file contains audio data.

voca-file-extension
voca-file-description Julius vocabulary
voca-file-description Files with voca file extension can be found as vocabulary files from Julius LVCSR software.

vod-file-extension
vod-file-description WorldGroup Manager Video On Demand movie
vod-file-description A vod file extension is related to the WorldGroup Manager Video on Demand (VOD) format.

vof-file-extension
vof-file-description VZ Programmer object folder
vof-file-description A vof file extension is related to the VZ Programmer and used for its object folder.

voi-file-extension
voi-file-description Voyetra voice file
voi-file-description A voi file extension is related to the obsolete Voyetra voice file format.

vok-file-extension
vok-file-description PocketVoc vocabulary
vok-file-description A vok file extension is related to the PocketVoc for Windows Mobile. A vok file stores vocabulary.

vol-file-extension
vol-file-description Volume data file
vol-file-description A vol file extension is related to files called volumes. These files stores various data used by programs for their internal purposes.

vol1.egg-file-extension
vol1.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 1)
vol1.egg-file-description Files with vol1.egg file extension can be often encountered in compressed archives made using ALZip software.

vol10.egg-file-extension
vol10.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 10)
vol10.egg-file-description Detailed description

vol2.egg-file-extension
vol2.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 2)
vol2.egg-file-description Files with vol2.egg file extension can be often encountered in compressed archives made using ALZip software.

vol3.egg-file-extension
vol3.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 3)
vol3.egg-file-description Files with vol3.egg file extension can be often encountered in compressed archives made using ALZip software.

vol4.egg-file-extension
vol4.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 4)
vol4.egg-file-description A vol4.egg file extension is related to the split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 4). Obsolete format.

vol5.egg-file-extension
vol5.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 5)
vol5.egg-file-description Files with vol5.egg file extension can be often encountered in compressed archives made using ALZip software.

vol6.egg-file-extension
vol6.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 6)
vol6.egg-file-description Detailed description

vol7.egg-file-extension
vol7.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 7)
vol7.egg-file-description Detailed description

vol8.egg-file-extension
vol8.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 8)
vol8.egg-file-description A vol8.egg file extension is related to the ALZip and used for its split multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 8).

vol9.egg-file-extension
vol9.egg-file-description Split Multi-volume ALZip EGG compressed file archive (part 9)
vol9.egg-file-description Detailed description

volarchive-file-extension
volarchive-file-description CopyCatX volume
volarchive-file-description Files with volarchive file extension can be found as archived hard drive volumes made in CopyCatX program.

vom-file-extension
vom-file-description Voice-O-Matic viseme mapping data
vom-file-description A vom file extension is related to the Voice-O-Matic viseme mapping data format.

vop-file-extension
vop-file-description Visual Orangator project
vop-file-description A vop file extension is related to the Visual Orangator and used for its project files.

voprefs-file-extension
voprefs-file-description Apple VoiceOver document
voprefs-file-description Files with voprefs file extension might be found as documents from Apple macOS (OS X) VoiceOver.

vor-file-extension
vor-file-description OpenOffice.org or StarOffice template file
vor-file-description Files with vor extension are used by StarOffice or OpenOffice.org utilities.

vort-file-extension
vort-file-description Very Ordinary Rendering Toolkit file
vort-file-description Detailed description

vos-file-extension
vos-file-description Virtual Orchestra Studio song database file
vos-file-description Files with vos extension are used for Virtual Orchestra Studio software.

voucher-file-extension
voucher-file-description Amazon Kindle e-book information
voucher-file-description A voucher file extension is associated with the Amazon Kindle, a family of e-book devices and e-book software. A voucher file stores e-book information.

vox-file-extension
vox-file-description ADPCM Dialogic sound data
vox-file-description Files with vox extension is may be often found as sound files in ADPCM (Adaptive Differential Pulse Code Modulation) audio format.

vox-6k-file-extension
vox-6k-file-description Dialogic 4-bit ADPCM audio
vox-6k-file-description A vox-6k file extension is related to old Dialogic 4-bit ADPCM audio format.

vox-8k-file-extension
vox-8k-file-description Dialogic 4-bit ADPCM audio
vox-8k-file-description A vox-8k file extension is related to the Dialogic 4-bit ADPCM audio format. Probably obsolete.

voxal-file-extension
voxal-file-description Voxal Voice Changer project file
voxal-file-description Files with voxal extension are used by the Voxal Voice Changer. They are used to store voice data.

voxb-file-extension
voxb-file-description Voxler data
voxb-file-description Files with voxb file extension can be found as 3D graphics data files from Voxler program.

vp-file-extension
vp-file-description Visual Passage Planer profile
vp-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe VP file extension!

vp10-file-extension
vp10-file-description VP10 video codec media
vp10-file-description A vp10 file extension is related to the video data encoded by Google VP10 video codec.

vp2-file-extension
vp2-file-description Vee-Hive library
vp2-file-description A vp2 file extension is related to the Vee-Hive, an application used to manage video data.

vp3-file-extension
vp3-file-description VP3 encoded video
vp3-file-description Files with vp3 file extension can be found as videos in the VP3 video compression file format.

vp4-file-extension
vp4-file-description Crystal Player data
vp4-file-description A vp4 file extension is related to the Crystal Player playback software.

vp5-file-extension
vp5-file-description CrystalPlayer video
vp5-file-description Files with vp5 file extension are related to CrystalPlayer multimedia player. A vp5 file contains video.

vp6-file-extension
vp6-file-description VP6 encoded video
vp6-file-description Files with vp6 extension are video files compressed using the TrueMotion VP6 video codec. Old format no longer used and replaced by modern codecs.

vp7-file-extension
vp7-file-description TrueMotion VP7 video
vp7-file-description A vp7 file extension is related to the TrueMotion VP7 video file format used by various apps like AOL Instant Messenger, Skype 2, Triton, Move Networks etc.

vp8-file-extension
vp8-file-description VP8 video codec video
vp8-file-description A vp8 file extension is associated with the video data encoded by Google VP8 video codec.

vp9-file-extension
vp9-file-description VP9 video
vp9-file-description A vp9 file extension is related to the video data encoded by Google VP9 video codec.

vpa-file-extension
vpa-file-description VPchat chat gestures data
vpa-file-description A vpa file extension is related to the VPchat (Virtual Places Chat). A vpa file stores chat gestures.

vpb-file-extension
vpb-file-description Quantel VPB image format
vpb-file-description Files with vpb file extension can be found as old bitmap images in Quantel VPB format.

vpc-file-extension
vpc-file-description ViziGen source code
vpc-file-description Files with vpc file extension includes information that relate a model to a set of templates. They can control code generation process.

vpc6-file-extension
vpc6-file-description Virtual machine package
vpc6-file-description A vpc6 file extension is related to the Microsoft Virtual PC, VMware Fusion and Parallels Desktop for Mac virtualization apps.

vpc7-file-extension
vpc7-file-description Virtual machine package
vpc7-file-description A vpc7 file extension is related to the Microsoft Virtual PC for Mac and used for its virtual machine package files.

vpcache-file-extension
vpcache-file-description Visual Pinball rendered table cache
vpcache-file-description A vpcache file extension is related to Visual Pinball and used for rendered table cache.

vpcbackup-file-extension
vpcbackup-file-description Windows Virtual PC backup
vpcbackup-file-description A vpcbackup file extension is related to the Windows Virtual PC backup format.

vpd-file-extension
vpd-file-description PhotoDVD project
vpd-file-description Files with vpd extension are related to the PhotoDVD and used for its default project files. S

vpdb-file-extension
vpdb-file-description VIP Organizer information database
vpdb-file-description Files with vpdb file extension might be found as information databases from VIP Organizer software.

vpe-file-extension
vpe-file-description Adobe Photoshop Extended vanishing point
vpe-file-description Files with vpe extension contain vanishing point data for Adobe Photoshop Extended for Microsoft Windows and OS X (macOS).

vpf-file-extension
vpf-file-description Vector Product Format
vpf-file-description Files with vpf file extension can mostly be found as images in Vector Product Format used for example by U.S. Department of Defense.

vpg-file-extension
vpg-file-description VideoPad video
vpg-file-description A vpg file extension is related to the VideoPad and used for its video files.

vph-file-extension
vph-file-description Virtual Pascal help data
vph-file-description A vph file extension is associated with the Virtual Pascal and used for its help data.

vpi-file-extension
vpi-file-description Virtual Pascal OS/2 unit data
vpi-file-description A vpi file extension is related to the Virtual Pascal OS/2 unit files.

vpj-file-extension
vpj-file-description VideoPad video editor project
vpj-file-description Files with vpj extension may also be found as projects created and saved in VideoPad video editing software.

vpk-file-extension
vpk-file-description Steam NCF Valve Pak archive
vpk-file-description Files with vpk  extension are mainly related Steam NCF Valve Pak archive file format used to distribute customizations for Left 4 Dead, Half-Life and other games.

vpl-file-extension
vpl-file-description Karaoke Player playlist
vpl-file-description Files with vpl suffix can be mostly found as as various playlists, for example from the Karaoke Player developed by VanBasco Software.

vplugin-file-extension
vplugin-file-description Orcs Must Die! plugin file
vplugin-file-description Files with vplugin suffix can be found as plugins for the Orcs Must Die! computer game.

vpm-file-extension
vpm-file-description Garmin voice
vpm-file-description A vpm file extension is related to the Garmin GPS navigation devices. A vpm file stores voice directions.

vpn-file-extension
vpn-file-description WinGate VPN configuration
vpn-file-description Files with vpn extension can be most often encountered as configuration data for various VPN programs, including WinGate VPN remote networking software.

vpo-file-extension
vpo-file-description VASTprogrammer data
vpo-file-description Files with vpo file extension are used for the VASTprogrammer. A vpo file contains data.

vpol-file-extension
vpol-file-description Normal Form data
vpol-file-description Files with vpol file extension are used by The Normal Form program.

vpp-file-extension
vpp-file-description Red Faction package file
vpp-file-description A vpp file extension is used for resource packagess in games based on Red Faction (Geo-Mod) engine. A typical vpp archive can contain any type of data, such as graphic models, textures, sounds or music.

vpp_pc-file-extension
vpp_pc-file-description Saints Row 2 game data
vpp_pc-file-description Files with vpp_pc extension are game data files from Saints Row 2 computer game.

vpr-file-extension
vpr-file-description Adobe Premiere preset
vpr-file-description A vpr file extension is related to the Adobe Premiere, a video editing program. A vpr file stores preset.

vprj-file-extension
vprj-file-description VideoReDo project file
vprj-file-description Files with vprj extension are used by the VideoReDo software. They include DVD project data.

vproj-file-extension
vproj-file-description VSDC Free Video Editor project
vproj-file-description Files with vproj file extension can be found as projects from the VSDC Free Video Editor. Contains stored work in progress.

vps-file-extension
vps-file-description avast! Antivirus virus definition file
vps-file-description Files with vps suffix may be most often find as virus definitions for Avast! Antivirus software.

vpt-file-extension
vpt-file-description Visual Pinball table data
vpt-file-description A vpt file extension is related to the Visual Pinball and used for saved table files.

vpu-file-extension
vpu-file-description avast! update package
vpu-file-description A vpu file extension is related to the avast! an antivirus software for various platforms. A vpu file store update package.

vpv-file-extension
vpv-file-description Vantum Video Presentation Viewer data
vpv-file-description A vpv file extension is related to the Vantum Video Presentation Viewer software. A vpv file stores data.

vpw-file-extension
vpw-file-description SlickEdit workspace
vpw-file-description A vpw file extension is related to the SlickEdit software for various operating systems.

vpx-file-extension
vpx-file-description avast! Antivirus update
vpx-file-description A vpx file extension is related to the avast! Antivirus software and used for its data files.

vqa-file-extension
vqa-file-description Command and Conquer video data
vqa-file-description A vqa file extension is related to the Command & Conquer video games. A vqa file contains video data.

vqc-file-extension
vqc-file-description QuickCopy file
vqc-file-description A vqc file extension is related to the QuickCopy application. Seems to be obsolete product.

vqd-file-extension
vqd-file-description VisiQuick data
vqd-file-description Files with vqd file extension might be found as data files from VisiQuick dental image management system.

vqe-file-extension
vqe-file-description Yamaha Sound-VQ Locator data
vqe-file-description Files with vqe file extension can be found as Yamaha Sound-VQ Locators.

vqf-file-extension
vqf-file-description TwinVQ audio data
vqf-file-description A vqf file extension is related to the TwinVQ audio format developed by Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NNT Labs).

vql-file-extension
vql-file-description TwinVQ audio format
vql-file-description A vql file extension is related to the TwinVQ audio format developed by Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation.

vqs-file-extension
vqs-file-description Datapath X4 configuration data
vqs-file-description A vqs file extension is related to the Datapath X4 configuration files.

vr1-file-extension
vr1-file-description Advance Design results
vr1-file-description A vr1 file extension is related Advance Design. A vr1 file stores results.

vr8-file-extension
vr8-file-description Roland system data
vr8-file-description Files with vr8 file extension might be found on some Digital Studio Recorder devices from Roland.

vrb-file-extension
vrb-file-description Veeam Backup reversed incremental changes data
vrb-file-description A vrb file extension is associated with the Veeam Backup and used for its reversed incremental changes files.

vrbs-file-extension
vrbs-file-description LameXP audio encoder data
vrbs-file-description Files with vrbs file extension are related to the LameXP audio encoder files.

vrc-file-extension
vrc-file-description ViewRanger map
vrc-file-description A vrc file extension is related to the ViewRanger GPS navigation software for outdoor tripping. A vrc file contains map.

vrd-file-extension
vrd-file-description Visio report definition
vrd-file-description Files with vrd file extension are related to the report definition format used by Microsoft Visio.

vre-file-extension
vre-file-description ASG Remote Desktop settings
vre-file-description Files with vre suffix are in most cases server settings for ASG Remote Desktop software.

vrf-file-extension
vrf-file-description Oracle Database configuration
vrf-file-description A vrc file extension is related to the Oracle Database, a relational database management system. A vrc file stores configuration.

vrg-file-extension
vrg-file-description ViewRanger map
vrg-file-description A vrg file extension is related to the ViewRanger, a GPS navigation application for various mobile platforms. A vrg file contains map data.

vrge08contact-file-extension
vrge08contact-file-description Microsoft Entourage 2008 contacts
vrge08contact-file-description A vrge08contact file extension is related to the Microsoft Entourage 2008 and used for its contact database.

vrge08event-file-extension
vrge08event-file-description Microsoft Entourage 2008 event file
vrge08event-file-description Detailed description

vrge08group-file-extension
vrge08group-file-description Microsoft Entourage 2008 group file
vrge08group-file-description Detailed description

vrge08message-file-extension
vrge08message-file-description Microsoft Entourage 2008 message
vrge08message-file-description A vrge08message file extension is associated with the Microsoft Entourage 2008 and used for its message files.

vrge08note-file-extension
vrge08note-file-description Microsoft Entourage 2008 note file
vrge08note-file-description Detailed description

vrge08task-file-extension
vrge08task-file-description Microsoft Entourage 2008 task file
vrge08task-file-description Detailed description

vrh-file-extension
vrh-file-description ViewRanger map
vrh-file-description A vrh file extension is related to the ViewRanger, a GPS navigation app for various mobile platforms. A vrh file stores maps related data.

vrimg-file-extension
vrimg-file-description Chaos Software V-Ray picture image
vrimg-file-description A vrimg file extension is related to the V-Ray picture image file format.

vrj-file-extension
vrj-file-description Netscape Navigator data
vrj-file-description A vrj file extension is related to the Netscape Navigator and used for its data files.

vrl-file-extension
vrl-file-description VS Vaccination Simulator model
vrl-file-description A vrl file extension is related to the VS Vaccination Simulator model format.

vrm-file-extension
vrm-file-description Virtual Reality Modeling Language file
vrm-file-description Files with vrm extension are related to the Virtual Reality Modelling Language.

vrmanifest-file-extension
vrmanifest-file-description Steam manifest data
vrmanifest-file-description Files with vrmanifest file extension are used for Steam manifest data.

vrml-file-extension
vrml-file-description Virtual Reality Modeling Language 3D model
vrml-file-description Files with vrml file extension can be generally found as 3D models saved in Virtual Reality Modeling Language - VRML 3D Worlds for WWW.

vro-file-extension
vro-file-description Video recordable format
vro-file-description Files with vro extension are mostly videos saved in the recordable file format (DVD-VR format).

vrod-file-extension
vrod-file-description QuickTime VR Player file
vrod-file-description Detailed description

vromfs-file-extension
vromfs-file-description War Thunder game data
vromfs-file-description Files with vromfs file extension are associated with the War Thunder game data format.

vrp-file-extension
vrp-file-description Watcom VXRexx project
vrp-file-description A vrp file extension is related to the Watcom VXRexx development tool. A vrp file stores project.

vrperftest-file-extension
vrperftest-file-description Unknown file extension
vrperftest-file-description Files with vrperftest file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

vrphoto-file-extension
vrphoto-file-description VR Photo picture image
vrphoto-file-description A .vrphoto file extension is related to the VR Photo app for Apple iPhone.

vrs-file-extension
vrs-file-description Corel WordPerfect video resource device driver
vrs-file-description A vrs file extension is related to the WordPerfect and used for its video resource device drivers.

vrscene-file-extension
vrscene-file-description VRay scene data
vrscene-file-description Files with vrscene file extension can be found as VRay graphics files.

vrt-file-extension
vrt-file-description Autodesk profile definition
vrt-file-description A vrt file extension is related to the Autodesk Civil and other software from Autodesk.

vs-file-extension
vs-file-description WorshipCenter Pro document
vs-file-description A vs file extension is related to the WorshipCenter Pro program. A vs file contains document.

vs1-file-extension
vs1-file-description Vistumbler export data
vs1-file-description A vs1 file extension is related to the Vistumbler and used for its export data files.

vs2-file-extension
vs2-file-description Corel VideoStudio 2 data
vs2-file-description Files with vs2 file extension might be found as files created and saved in Corel VideoStudio version 2 video editing software.

vs3-file-extension
vs3-file-description VSampler data
vs3-file-description A vs3 file extension is related to the VSampler audio composing software.

vs4-file-extension
vs4-file-description AVTECH video data
vs4-file-description Files with vs4 file extension can be typically encountered as video recordings captured using AVTECH CCTV Video Surveillance system.

vsa-file-extension
vsa-file-description Symantec Virtual Package Editor virtual software archive
vsa-file-description Files with vsa file extension are related to the Symantec Virtual Package Editor virtual software archive format.

vsb-file-extension
vsb-file-description Virtual Sampler audio bank
vsb-file-description Files with vsb file extension can be usually encountered as audio samples in vSampler / Virtual Sampler bank file format.

vsc-file-extension
vsc-file-description McAffee VirusScan configuration
vsc-file-description A vsc file extension is related to the McAffee VirusScan and used for its configuration data.

vsch-file-extension
vsch-file-description Microsoft Windows Credential Manager schema
vsch-file-description A vsch file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Credential Manager and used for its schema files.

vscontent-file-extension
vscontent-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Content Installer data
vscontent-file-description Files with vscontent file extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio Content Installer.

vsct-file-extension
vsct-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio command table configuration file
vsct-file-description Files with vsct extension are used by the Microsoft Visual Studio as one of it's configuration files.

vsdif-file-extension
vsdif-file-description Visual Similarity Duplicate Image Finder project
vsdif-file-description A vsdif file extension is related to the Visual Similarity Duplicate Image Finder projects.

vsdir-file-extension
vsdir-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio template directory description
vsdir-file-description A vsdir file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development tool. A vsdir file stores template directory description.

vsdisco-file-extension
vsdisco-file-description SOAP dynamic discovery data
vsdisco-file-description A vsdisco file extension is related to the SOAP dynamic discovery files used by Microsoft's Directory of Web Services (DISCO) technology.

vsdm-file-extension
vsdm-file-description Microsoft Visio 2013 macro-enabled drawing data
vsdm-file-description A vsdm file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visio 2013, a diagramming tool. A vsdm file stores macro-enabled diagram drawing.

vsdp-file-extension
vsdp-file-description CoffeeCup Visual Site Designer data
vsdp-file-description A vsdp file extension is related to the CoffeeCup Visual Site Designer files.

vse-file-extension
vse-file-description Video Server E captured video
vse-file-description Files with vse extension can be usually found as video files recorded using 4CH DVR recorder produced by AVTECH Corporation.

vsf-file-extension
vsf-file-description Voltage SecureFile encrypted document
vsf-file-description Files with vsf extension can be typically found as documents encrypted using Voltage SecureFile software.

vsglog-file-extension
vsglog-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
vsglog-file-description A vsglog file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development tool.

vsh-file-extension
vsh-file-description McAfee VirusShield configuration
vsh-file-description A vsh file extension is related to the McAfee VirusShield and used for its configuration data.

vshader-file-extension
vshader-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
vshader-file-description Files with vshader file extension are associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio data format.

vshaderbin-file-extension
vshaderbin-file-description Stronghold 3 shader data
vshaderbin-file-description A vshaderbin file extension is related to the Stronghold 3 real time strategic computer game and used for its shader data.

vsi-file-extension
vsi-file-description Visual Studio Content Installer data
vsi-file-description A vsi file extension is related to the Visual Studio Content Installer file format used by Microsoft Visual Studio Installer.

vsixlangpack-file-extension
vsixlangpack-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio localised VSIX package
vsixlangpack-file-description Files with vsixlangpack file extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio, a development environment. A vsixlangpack file contains localised VSIX package.

vsixmanifest-file-extension
vsixmanifest-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio VSIX manifest
vsixmanifest-file-description A vsixmanifest file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio VSIX manifest format.

vsk-file-extension
vsk-file-description Vicon iQ skeleton template file
vsk-file-description Files with vsk extension are used for Vicon application. They include skeleton templates created by this program.

vsl-file-extension
vsl-file-description Microsoft Visio library
vsl-file-description A vsl file extension is related to Microsoft Visio diagramming software and used for its library files.

vsm-file-extension
vsm-file-description Blackberry data
vsm-file-description Files with vsm file extension are related to the Blackberry smart phones.

vsmacros-file-extension
vsmacros-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio binary-based macro project
vsmacros-file-description A vsmacros file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment. A .vsmacros file stores binary-based macro project.

vsmdi-file-extension
vsmdi-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio test metadata
vsmdi-file-description A vsmdi file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio development environment. A vsmdi file contains text metadata.

vsmeta-file-extension
vsmeta-file-description Synology Video Station metadata file
vsmeta-file-description Files with vsmeta file extension are related to the Synology Video Station metadata.

vsmproj-file-extension
vsmproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio unicode based macro project
vsmproj-file-description Files with vsmproj extension might be found as unicode based macro projects from Microsoft Visual Studio development platform.

vsn-file-extension
vsn-file-description ViruSafe version data
vsn-file-description A vsn file extension is related to the ViruSafe, an anti-virus suite and used for its version files.

vso-file-extension
vso-file-description nVidia compiled vertex shader
vso-file-description A vso file extension is related to the nVidia SceniX software and used for its compiled vertex shader files.

vsp-file-extension
vsp-file-description Corel VideoStudio Pro project
vsp-file-description Files with vsp extension are mainly used for video project project format saved originally in Ulead VideoStudio and its successor Corel VideoStudio Pro programs.

vspc-file-extension
vspc-file-description 3D-Album settings
vspc-file-description A vspc file extension is related to the 3D-Album software, a photo manager and editor. A vspc file contains settings.

vspf-file-extension
vspf-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio performance rules file
vspf-file-description Detailed description

vspolicy-file-extension
vspolicy-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Policy Description Language file
vspolicy-file-description Detailed description

vspolicycache-file-extension
vspolicycache-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio cache file
vspolicycache-file-description The vspolicycache file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio cache files.

vspolicydef-file-extension
vspolicydef-file-description Visual Studio policy data
vspolicydef-file-description A vspolicydef file extension is associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio, development tool. A vspolicydef file stores policy data.

vsprops-file-extension
vsprops-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio project property sheet file
vsprops-file-description Files with vsprops extension are used by the Microsoft Visual Studio program. They contain some kind of data saved in xml format.

vsps-file-extension
vsps-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio profiling data analysed report
vsps-file-description A vsps file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment. A vsps file stores report with profiling data.

vspscc-file-extension
vspscc-file-description Visual Studio project source control data
vspscc-file-description An vspscc file extension is related to the Visual Studio an integrated development environment. An vspscc file stores project source control data.

vspx-file-extension
vspx-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
vspx-file-description A vspx file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio for Windows. A vspx file stores data.

vsq-file-extension
vsq-file-description Vocaloid audio sequence
vsq-file-description Files with vsq suffix may be usually found as audio sequences from Vocaloid singing voice synthesizer.

vsqx-file-extension
vsqx-file-description VOCALOID Editor project
vsqx-file-description A vsqx file extension is related to the VOCALOID, an audio editing tool developed by Yamaha. A vsqx file stores audio project.

vsr-file-extension
vsr-file-description Microsoft Access report
vsr-file-description A vsr file extension is related to the Microsoft Access a database management tool. A vsr file stores report data.

vss-file-extension
vss-file-description Microsoft Visio smartshapes data
vss-file-description Files with vss file extension contain smartshapes and stencils used by Microsoft Visio.

vsscc-file-extension
vsscc-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio temporary file
vsscc-file-description The vssc files are created by the Microsoft Visual Studio as it's temporary data files.

vssettings-file-extension
vssettings-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio settings
vssettings-file-description Files with vssettings file extension can be found as settings files from Microsoft Visual Studio program.

vssm-file-extension
vssm-file-description Microsoft Visio 2013 stencil macro-enabled file
vssm-file-description Fiels with vssm extension are used by Microsoft Visio tool. They contain macros.

vssscc-file-extension
vssscc-file-description Visual Studio solution source control file
vssscc-file-description Files with .vssscc extension are Source Code Control files used in software developed by Microsoft Visual Studio. They include meteadat of tracking reveisions of source code files from Visual Studio.

vssx-file-extension
vssx-file-description Microsoft Visio stencil data
vssx-file-description A vssx file extension is related to the Microsoft Visio, a diagramming tool. A vssx file contains stencil data.

vst-file-extension
vst-file-description Microsoft Visio flowchart
vst-file-description Files with vst file extension can be found as flowcharts from Microsoft Visio diagramming software.

vst3-file-extension
vst3-file-description Cubase plugin
vst3-file-description Files with vst3 extension can be found as plugins for Steinberg Cubase program.

vstdir-file-extension
vstdir-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio project type settings
vstdir-file-description Files with vstdir file extension can be found as project type settings in Microsoft Visual Studio. Used to define the appearance of the project types.

vstemplate-file-extension
vstemplate-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio project template
vstemplate-file-description A vstemplate file extension is related to Microsoft Visual Studio development environment and used for its project template files.

vstm-file-extension
vstm-file-description Microsoft Visio 2013 macro-enabled template file
vstm-file-description Files with vstm extension are used by the Microsoft Visio tool. They include template files.

vsto-file-extension
vsto-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio data
vsto-file-description Files with vsto extension are data files from Visual Studio IDE developed by Microsoft. Most likely for internal purposes only.

vstpreset-file-extension
vstpreset-file-description Cubase preset
vstpreset-file-description Files with vstpreset file extension can be found as preset files from Cubase software.

vstx-file-extension
vstx-file-description Microsoft Visio 2013 template
vstx-file-description Files with vstx file extension can be found mainly as templates for Microsoft Visio diagramming software.

vsu-file-extension
vsu-file-description Visio custom user interface
vsu-file-description Files with vsu file extension are used by Microsoft Visio software. They include some saved custom user interface data.

vsv-file-extension
vsv-file-description Virtual machine's memory saved-state
vsv-file-description Files with vsv file extension can be found as saved memory state files from Virtual PC and Virtual Server programs.

vsw-file-extension
vsw-file-description Microsoft Office Visio 2010 web drawing
vsw-file-description A vsw file extension is related to the Microsoft Office Visio and used for its web drawing and workspace files.

vswp-file-extension
vswp-file-description VMware virtual memory data
vswp-file-description Files with vswp file extension might be found as virtual memory files from a VMware virtual machine.

vsx-file-extension
vsx-file-description Microsoft Visio stencil XML document
vsx-file-description Files with vsx file extension can be found as XML stencils from Microsoft Visio diagramming software.

vsy-file-extension
vsy-file-description VNC Spy data
vsy-file-description Files with vsy file extension can be found as part of VNC Spy network traffic analysis program.

vsz-file-extension
vsz-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio launch wizards data
vsz-file-description A vsz file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its launch wizards data.

vt-file-extension
vt-file-description VT100 terminal data
vt-file-description A vt file extension is related to the VT100 terminal data file format.

vt3-file-extension
vt3-file-description Langenscheidt Vokabeltrainer 3 data
vt3-file-description Files with vt3 file extension is associated with Langenscheidt Vokabeltrainer software.

vta-file-extension
vta-file-description Valve face flex
vta-file-description Files with vta file extension are face flex files for Valves game engine.

vtbl-file-extension
vtbl-file-description PIPE-FLO Professional valve data table
vtbl-file-description A vtbl file extension is related to the PIPE-FLO Professional and used for its valve data table.

vtc-file-extension
vtc-file-description ReliaSoft related data
vtc-file-description A vtc file extension is related to the ALTA, Weibull++, BlockSim and other tools developed by ReliaSoft.

vtd-file-extension
vtd-file-description Microsoft Windows custom virtual device driver
vtd-file-description Files with vtd file extension can be found as custom virtual device drivers from Microsoft Windows.

vtf-file-extension
vtf-file-description Valve texture format
vtf-file-description The vtf file extension is related to Half-Life computer game and used for its texture format.

vtfx-file-extension
vtfx-file-description Ceetron VTFX format
vtfx-file-description Files with vtfx file extension are the new default file type of GLview Inova program from Ceetron.

vtg-file-extension
vtg-file-description SlickEdit workspace
vtg-file-description Files with vtg file extension are used for SlickEdit and they include workspace data.

vthought-file-extension
vthought-file-description Visual Thought diagram
vthought-file-description A vthought file extension is associated with the Visual Thought program. A .vthought file contains diagram.

vti-file-extension
vti-file-description Visualization Toolkit image data
vti-file-description Files with vti file extension are usually used by Visualization Toolkit and also by ParaView.

vtk-file-extension
vtk-file-description Visualization Toolkit legacy data
vtk-file-description A vtk file extension is associated with the Visualization Toolkit a system for 3D computer graphics.

vtl-file-extension
vtl-file-description Vocabulary Trainer data
vtl-file-description A vtl file extension is related to the Vocabulary Trainer, a German vocables training software.

vtm-file-extension
vtm-file-description Adobe ColdFusion query data
vtm-file-description A vtm file extension is related to the ColdFusion from Adobe. A vtm file stores query data.

vtml-file-extension
vtml-file-description Adobe ColdFusion Visual Tool Markup Language file
vtml-file-description Detailed description

vtn-file-extension
vtn-file-description VTWIN network project
vtn-file-description A vtn file extension is related to the VTWIN software and used for its network project files.

vto-file-extension
vto-file-description VTK HyperOctree data
vto-file-description A vto file extension is related to the VTK (Visualization Toolkit) and used for its HyperOctree data files.

vtp-file-extension
vtp-file-description Visualization Toolkit polygonal data
vtp-file-description A vtp file extension is related to the Visualization Toolkit a 3D modeling tool. A vtp file contains polygonal data.

vtpf-file-extension
vtpf-file-description Virtual PC preference file
vtpf-file-description Detailed description

vtr-file-extension
vtr-file-description Visualization Toolkit rectilinear grid data
vtr-file-description A vtr file extension is related to the Visualization Toolkit and used for its rectilinear grid data.

vts-file-extension
vts-file-description Intel VTune program performance monitor project
vts-file-description Files with vts file extension might be found as project made in Intel VTune performance analyzer.

vtscr-file-extension
vtscr-file-description Visual Trading Systems data
vtscr-file-description Files with vtscr file extension might be found as part of Visual Trading Systems platform.

vtt-file-extension
vtt-file-description WebVTT subtitle format
vtt-file-description Files with vtt extension are related to the WebVTT format used to store subtitles, chapters and other related metadata for Internet videos.

vtu-file-extension
vtu-file-description Visualization Toolkit unstructured points data
vtu-file-description Files with vtu file suffix are related to the Visualization Toolkit unstructured points data format.

vtv-file-extension
vtv-file-description Adobe Validator document
vtv-file-description A vtv file extension is associated with the Adobe Validator document format.

vtx-file-extension
vtx-file-description Source SDK mesh strip format
vtx-file-description Files with vtx file extension are mostly related to the Source SDK mesh strip format that is used by various video games from Valve.

vtxml-file-extension
vtxml-file-description Unknown file extension
vtxml-file-description Files with vtxml file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

vty-file-extension
vty-file-description ViTALiTy warez release
vty-file-description Files with vty file extension can be commonly found on warez and torrents sites. This is actually not a file extension, but rather a part of file name used by ViTALiTy group.

vtz-file-extension
vtz-file-description VTPro-E compiled project
vtz-file-description Files with vtz suffix can be often found as compiled VTPRO-E projects.

vud-file-extension
vud-file-description Microsoft Virtual PC virtual machine undo data
vud-file-description A vud file extension is related to the Microsoft Virtual PC for Microsoft Windows and used for its virtual machine undo data.

vue-file-extension
vue-file-description Autodesk 3D Studio Max animation
vue-file-description A vue file extension is related to the Autodesk 3D Studio Max modeling software. A vue file stores animation.

vup-file-extension
vup-file-description Visual C++ utility project
vup-file-description A vup file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual C++ and Visual Studio. A vup file stores utility project.

vus-file-extension
vus-file-description VuStat data
vus-file-description A vus file extension is related to the VuStat software from VuSoft.

vuze-file-extension
vuze-file-description Vuze data
vuze-file-description The vuze file extension is related to the Vuze a Bittorrent client.

vv-file-extension
vv-file-description Virt Viewer configuration
vv-file-description Files with vv extension are mainly related to configuration files from Virt Viewer.

vvc-file-extension
vvc-file-description Infinity game engine visual spell casting effects
vvc-file-description Files with vvc extension can be found as part of Bioware's Infinity game engine. Visual spell casting effects file.

vvd-file-extension
vvd-file-description Minolta 3D scanner element data
vvd-file-description A vvd file extension is related to the Minolta 3D scanner and used for its element files.

vvf-file-extension
vvf-file-description CCTV DVR camera video format
vvf-file-description Files with vvf extension can be most notably found as video recordings saved in a special video format from certain brands of IP security digital camcorders.

vvi-file-extension
vvi-file-description VisView INI data
vvi-file-description A vvi file extension is related to the VisView, a visualization and collaboration program. A vvi file contains settings.

vvm-file-extension
vvm-file-description BlackBerry 10 Visual Voicemail data
vvm-file-description A vvm file extension is related to the BlackBerry 10 operating system for smart phones. A vvm file contains Visual Voicemail data.

vvn-file-extension
vvn-file-description Vivien drawing
vvn-file-description Files with vvn file extension can be found as CAD drawings or projects from program called Vivien by Cast Group of Companies. Probably no longer used.

vvs-file-extension
vvs-file-description Driver 3 game data
vvs-file-description A vvs file extension is related to the Driv3r video game and used for its game data files.

vvt-file-extension
vvt-file-description VersaPro variable view table data
vvt-file-description A vvt file extension is related to the VersaPro variable view table files.

vvv-file-extension
vvv-file-description Virtual Volumes View data file
vvv-file-description A vvv file extension is related to the Virtual Volumes View software for various operating systems.

vvvvvv-file-extension
vvvvvv-file-description VVVVVV game map
vvvvvv-file-description The .vvvvvv file extension is related to the VVVVVV 2D puzzle solving computer game. The .vvvvvv file contains game map.

vw-file-extension
vw-file-description Volkswriter text document
vw-file-description Files with vw file extension can be found as old documents from Volkswriter text editor from 1980s.

vw3-file-extension
vw3-file-description Volkswriter 3 text file
vw3-file-description Files with vw3 extension are associated with Volkswriter and they contain some text data.

vwd-file-extension
vwd-file-description Cubig digital recorder sound
vwd-file-description Files with vwd file extension are related to the Cubig digital recorder sound format.

vwf-file-extension
vwf-file-description CADvance drawing
vwf-file-description File with vwf file extension is mainly associated with CAD software called CADVANCE. It is probably some kind of graphic file and contains drawings created in CADVANCE.

vwi-file-extension
vwi-file-description Microsoft SharePoint workflow diagram
vwi-file-description Files with vwi file extension may be typically found as workflow diagrams created in one of the Microsoft SharePoint apps.

vwl-file-extension
vwl-file-description Qualcomm Vuforia word list
vwl-file-description A vwl file extension is related to the Qualcomm Vuforia and used for its word list files.

vwp-file-extension
vwp-file-description BrainVoyager QX visualization settings
vwp-file-description A vwp file extension is related to the BrainVoyager QX software and used for its visualization settings.

vwpg-file-extension
vwpg-file-description MAGIX Digital Foto Maker data
vwpg-file-description A vwpg file extension is related to the MAGIX Digital Foto Maker files.

vwr-file-extension
vwr-file-description Ixia IxVeriWave RAW 802.11 captured data
vwr-file-description A vwr file extension is related to the Ixia IxVeriWave and used for its RAW 802.11 capture files.

vws-file-extension
vws-file-description SmartWare standard view
vws-file-description A vws file extension is related to the SmartWare and used for its standard view files.

vwx-file-extension
vwx-file-description VectorWorks design
vwx-file-description Files with vwx file extension can be found as design created and saved using VectorWorks 12.5 and later.

vx-file-extension
vx-file-description Opera browser data
vx-file-description A vx file extension is related to the Opera, a web browser for Windows, Mac, Linux and other platforms.

vxe-file-extension
vxe-file-description Agilent VEE runtime program data
vxe-file-description Files with vxe file extension may be occasionally encountered as runtime program files from Agilent VEE graphic language environment.

vxf-file-extension
vxf-file-description Microsoft Money data
vxf-file-description Files with vxf file extension can be found as old data files from now discontinued Microsoft Money accounting program.

vxl-file-extension
vxl-file-description Tiberian Sun Voxel Animation Format
vxl-file-description Files with vxl extension are used for Tiberian Sun Voxel Animation Format.

vxlock-file-extension
vxlock-file-description vxLock ransomware affected file
vxlock-file-description Files with vxlock suffix have been encrypted and renamed by the vxLock ransomware.

vxm-file-extension
vxm-file-description vTask Studio data
vxm-file-description A vxm file extension is related to the vTask Studio, a software for Windows.

vxml-file-extension
vxml-file-description VoiceXML source data
vxml-file-description A vxml file extension is related to the Voice Extensible Markup Language that is used by programmers to develop voice user interfaces.

vxn-file-extension
vxn-file-description Furcadia particle effect data
vxn-file-description A vxn file extension is related to the Furcadia MMORPG computer game.

vxo-file-extension
vxo-file-description Tri Stripper 3D model
vxo-file-description A vxo file extension is related to the Tri Stripper 3D model file format.

vxp-file-extension
vxp-file-description VisiTrax playlist
vxp-file-description Files with vxp extension can be often found as playlists from VisiTrax music organizing software.

vxr-file-extension
vxr-file-description VCDEasy data
vxr-file-description A vxr file extension is related to the VCDEasy a playback software. A vxr file contains some kind of data.

vxt-file-extension
vxt-file-description Test Automation Editor XML test module file
vxt-file-description Files with vxt extension are used for the Test Automation Editor software. These files contain test module saved in xml text file format.

vxu-file-extension
vxu-file-description EHR Client VXU message
vxu-file-description A vxu file extension is associated with the EHR Client VXU message format.

vxx-file-extension
vxx-file-description IOsubsys drive data
vxx-file-description Files with vxx file extension might be found as old IOsubsys drive files. Probably no longer used.

vx_-file-extension
vx_-file-description Unknown file extension
vx_-file-description Files with vx_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

vy3-file-extension
vy3-file-description Samsung digital voice recorder format
vy3-file-description A vy3 file extension is related to the Samsung digital voice recorder format.

vy4-file-extension
vy4-file-description Samsung voice codec file
vy4-file-description Files with vy4 suffix may possibly be voice recordings made using one of the Samsung devices. Proprietary codec.

vyf-file-extension
vyf-file-description Samsung digital voice recorder file
vyf-file-description Files with vyf suffix are voice records created using Samsung digital recorders. VYF is a proprietary Samsung format optimized for voice recordings.

vyk-file-extension
vyk-file-description MISYS data
vyk-file-description Files with vyk file extension are associated with the MISYS data format.

vym-file-extension
vym-file-description VYM mind map
vym-file-description A vym file extension is related to the VYM and used for its mind maps.

vyp-file-extension
vyp-file-description GE Money Bank financial data exchange format
vyp-file-description A vyp file extension is related to the GE Money Bank financial data exchange format.

vyr-file-extension
vyr-file-description JAPO data
vyr-file-description A vyr file extension is related to the JAPO accounting software.

vzd-file-extension
vzd-file-description INM VizionDB database
vzd-file-description A vzd file extension is related to the INM VizionDB software and used for its database files.

vzi-file-extension
vzi-file-description VertiZontal Interlacing picture image
vzi-file-description Files with vzi file extension are commonly used by VertiZontal Interlacing picture image format.

vzm-file-extension
vzm-file-description Ventuz Director mesh data
vzm-file-description Files with vzm file extension are related to the Ventuz Director mesh data format.

vzn-file-extension
vzn-file-description Windows VZN picture image
vzn-file-description The vzn file extension is related to the WinVZN a picture viewing tool. The vzn file contains picture image.

vzr-file-extension
vzr-file-description Sinowal.vzr malware data
vzr-file-description A vzr file extension is related to the Sinowal.vzr malicious software (Trojan horse). A vzr file contains some kind of data used by Sinowal.vzr.

vzx-file-extension
vzx-file-description INM VizionDB data
vzx-file-description A vzx file extension is related to the INM VizionDB. A vzx file contains some kind of data.

wav-file-extension
wav-file-description WAVe PCM Sound, standard Windows sound format
wav-file-description A wav file extension is associated with the Wave Form Audio container file format. It is used to store sounds as waveforms.

wba-file-extension
wba-file-description WindowBlinds Desktop visual style
wba-file-description A wba file extension is used for WindowBlinds desktop visual styles. With WindowBlinds users can change the visual style and nearly all elements of graphical interface used Windows. it is included in popular Stardock software suite called Object Desktop.

wbcat-file-extension
wbcat-file-description Microsoft Windows backup information
wbcat-file-description Files with wbcat file extension might be found as part of backup from Microsoft Windows operating system.

wbmp-file-extension
wbmp-file-description Wireless Bitmap image
wbmp-file-description A wbmp file extension is related to the Wireless Bitmap image file format used by wireless communication devices (WAP compatible cell phones).

wdb-file-extension
wdb-file-description Microsoft Works database

wdp-file-extension
wdp-file-description Windows Media HD Photo picture image

webarchive-file-extension
webarchive-file-description Apple Safari web archive
webarchive-file-description Files with webarchive extension are webpage archives that were saved using Safari web browser which uses webarchives to store saved complete web pages including multimedia content, such as videos, sounds, pictures etc for later viewing without connection to Internet.

webm-file-extension
webm-file-description Matroska WebM video
webm-file-description Files with webm extension are video files in Matroska WebM format. WebM file format is designed specially for web based on standard HTML5. Video streaming are compressed by VP8/VP9 video codec and audio streaming are compressed by OGG Vorbis audio cod

webp-file-extension
webp-file-description Google image file format
webp-file-description A webp file extension is associated with the picture image format developed by Google that is designed to improve the performance of web pages and make the web faster by reducing image file sizes.

wlmp-file-extension
wlmp-file-description Microsoft Windows Live Movie Maker video project
wlmp-file-description Files with wlmp extension can be mostly found as video projects saved using the Windows Live Movie Maker video editing app from Microsoft.

wma-file-extension
wma-file-description Windows Media Audio file
wma-file-description Files with wma extension are audio files in Advanced Systems Format (advanced Streaming Format, Active Streaming Format), which is multimedia container format sed to store multimedia data. A wma file stores audio in Advanced Systems Format container and compressed by Windows Media Audio (WMA) codec.

wmf-file-extension
wmf-file-description Windows Metafile Format

wmv-file-extension
wmv-file-description Windows Media Video
wmv-file-description A wmv file extension is associated with video files compressed with Windows Media Video codec that can be played in most media players. One of the most common and supported video formats.

woff-file-extension
woff-file-description Web Open Font Format package
woff-file-description Files with woff extension can be found as font format packages in Web Open Font Format.

wotreplay-file-extension
wotreplay-file-description World of Tanks battle replay
wotreplay-file-description Files with wotreplay file extension can be exclusively found as saved battle recordings (replays) from World of Tanks action team-multiplayer computer game.

wowpreplay-file-extension
wowpreplay-file-description World of Warplanes replay
wowpreplay-file-description Files with wowreplay file extension might be found as saved battle replays from World of Warplanes computer game.

wpd-file-extension
wpd-file-description Corel WordPerfect document

wpl-file-extension
wpl-file-description Microsoft Windows Media Player playlist

wps-file-extension
wps-file-description Microsoft Works document

wri-file-extension
wri-file-description Windows Write document
wri-file-description Files with wri file extension can be most often found as old documents that were created and saved in the Microsoft Windows Write text editor that was distributed as a part of Microsoft Windows up to version 95.

w-file-extension
w-file-description Ashton Tate Applause chart
w-file-description A w file extension is related o the Ashton Tate Applause chart format.

w00-file-extension
w00-file-description Roland patch
w00-file-description Files with w00 file extension are kindred to Roland Sound Synthesizers. They include some patching process data.

w01-file-extension
w01-file-description Yamaha dog audio sample
w01-file-description A w01 file extension is related to the Yamaha dog audio sample file format.

w02-file-extension
w02-file-description Yamaha cat audio sample
w02-file-description Files with w02 file extension can be found as animal sound files from Yamaha sound library for some of its devices.

w03-file-extension
w03-file-description Yamaha pig audio sample
w03-file-description A w03 file extension is related to the Yamaha pig audio sample file format.

w04-file-extension
w04-file-description Yamaha cattle audio sample
w04-file-description A w04 file extension is associated with the Yamaha cattle audio sample format.

w05-file-extension
w05-file-description Yamaha horse audio sample
w05-file-description A w05 file extension is associated with the Yamaha horse audio sample format.

w06-file-extension
w06-file-description Yamaha lion audio sample
w06-file-description A w06 file extension is associated with the Yamaha lion audio sample format.

w07-file-extension
w07-file-description Yamaha elephant audio sample
w07-file-description A w07 file extension is associated with the Yamaha elephant audio sample format.

w08-file-extension
w08-file-description Yamaha goat audio sample
w08-file-description A w08 file extension is associated with the Yamaha goat audio sample format.

w09-file-extension
w09-file-description Yamaha sea-lion audio sample
w09-file-description A w09 file extension is associated with the Yamaha sea-lion audio sample format.

w10-file-extension
w10-file-description Yamaha SY audio sample
w10-file-description Files with w10 file extension are associated with the Yamaha SY audio sample format.

w16-file-extension
w16-file-description Genesis 2000 data
w16-file-description Files with w16 file extension are associated with the Genesis 2000 data format.

w20-file-extension
w20-file-description Windows 2000 system data
w20-file-description A w20 file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 2000 operating system. A w20 file stores system data.

w2a-file-extension
w2a-file-description Yamaha Motif 'all' format
w2a-file-description A w2a file extension is associated with the Yamaha Motif 'all' format a some kind of 16-bit sound format.

w2b-file-extension
w2b-file-description WinBackup archive
w2b-file-description A w2b file extension is related to the WinBackup a backup solution for Microsoft Windows. A w2b file stores backup archive.

w2d-file-extension
w2d-file-description Autodesk Design (Drawing) Web Format 2D file
w2d-file-description Files with w2d file extension can be typically encountered as technical drawings with saved in Autodesk Design Web format. Used in application like AutoCAD and Inventor.

w2e-file-extension
w2e-file-description Motif Rack ES Voice Editor recorded voice
w2e-file-description A w2e file extension is related to the Motif Rack ES Voice Editor, developed by John Melas Software. A w2e file contains recorded voice.

w2ent-file-extension
w2ent-file-description The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings entity data
w2ent-file-description Files with w2ent extension can be found as game entities (models etc.) from The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings RPG game.

w2m-file-extension
w2m-file-description Solo Explorer transcription data
w2m-file-description A w2m file extension is related to the Solo Explorer converter. A w2m file contains transcription data.

w2p-file-extension
w2p-file-description Webit project
w2p-file-description A w2p file extension is related to the Webit, a web designing tool for Windows.

w2speech-file-extension
w2speech-file-description The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings speech data
w2speech-file-description A w2speech files can be found as some of the data files for Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings RPG game. Contains audio (speech) for in-game dialogues.

w2strings-file-extension
w2strings-file-description The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings localization data
w2strings-file-description Files with w2strings file extension can be found as localization files for The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings RPG game.

w2v-file-extension
w2v-file-description Yamaha Motif 'voices' format
w2v-file-description A w2v file extension is associated with the Motif voices format developed by Yamaha company.

w2w-file-extension
w2w-file-description Yamaha Motif waveforms format
w2w-file-description A w2w file extension is related to the Yamaha Motif waveforms format.

w30-file-extension
w30-file-description Ventura Publisher printer font
w30-file-description A w30 file extension is related to the Ventura Publisher and used for its printer fonts.

w31-file-extension
w31-file-description Windows 3.1 startup data
w31-file-description A w31 file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 3.1. A w31 file contains startup data.

w32-file-extension
w32-file-description WinCAPs subtitles
w32-file-description Files with w32 file extension are also subtitles created with the use of WinCAPs software.

w3d-file-extension
w3d-file-description Adobe Shockwave 3D scene export
w3d-file-description Files with w3d extension can be found as 3D scene exports from Macromedia (Adobe) Shockwave.

w3e-file-extension
w3e-file-description Motif Rack ES Voice Editor file
w3e-file-description Files with w3e extension are used by the Motif Rack ES Voice Editor program.

w3g-file-extension
w3g-file-description Warcraft III game replay
w3g-file-description A w3g file extension is related to the Blizzard Warcraft III fantasy real-time strategic computer game. A w3g file contains recorded game replay.

w3i-file-extension
w3i-file-description Warcraft III map related data
w3i-file-description A w3i file extension is related to the Warcraft III computer game and used for its map related files.

w3l-file-extension
w3l-file-description W3launch data
w3l-file-description A w3l file extension is related to the W3launch program. A w3l file contains data.

w3m-file-extension
w3m-file-description Warcraft 3 map
w3m-file-description Files with w3m file extension can be generally found as map files for Warcraft 3 computer games.

w3n-file-extension
w3n-file-description Warcraft 3 Frozen Throne campaign
w3n-file-description Files with w3n file extension are related to the campaign data from Warcraft III: Frozen Throne.

w3p-file-extension
w3p-file-description Warcraft 3 progress file
w3p-file-description Files with w3p extension are related to the Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos computer game.

w3s-file-extension
w3s-file-description Warcraft 3 sounds definition
w3s-file-description Files with w3s file suffix are related to the Warcraft 3 sounds definition format.

w3u-file-extension
w3u-file-description Warcraft 3 custom units data
w3u-file-description Files with w3u file extension can be found as one of the supporting files for Warcraft 3 custom maps. Custom unit information file.

w3v-file-extension
w3v-file-description Warcraft 3 campaign progress record
w3v-file-description A w3v file extension is related to the Warcraft 3 campaign progress record.

w3x-file-extension
w3x-file-description Blizzard Warcraft III expansion map
w3x-file-description Files with w3x file extension can be usually found as aps for Warcraft III computer game. Used in Frozen Throne expansion.

w3z-file-extension
w3z-file-description Blizzard Warcraft III saved game
w3z-file-description The w3z file extension is related to the Warcraft III, a real time strategic computer game and used for its saved game files.

w40-file-extension
w40-file-description Microsoft Windows 95 backup
w40-file-description A w40 file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 95 and used for its backup files.

w44-file-extension
w44-file-description dBASE temporary
w44-file-description A w44 file extension is related to the dBase, a relational database management system. A w44 file stores temporary data.

w4a-file-extension
w4a-file-description Audio data
w4a-file-description A w4a file extension is associated with the Apple iTunes and used for audio data.

w50-file-extension
w50-file-description Unknown file extension
w50-file-description Files with w50 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

w51-file-extension
w51-file-description Corel WordPerfect 5.1 document file
w51-file-description Files with w51 extension are used for Corel WordPerfect. It contains document files.

w52-file-extension
w52-file-description Corel WordPerfect for Windows document
w52-file-description Files with w52 file extension are commonly used by Corel WordPerfect document file format.

w5s-file-extension
w5s-file-description Winamp CDDB database file
w5s-file-description Files with w5s extension are used by the Winamp audio and video program.

w60-file-extension
w60-file-description Corel WordPerfect 6.0 document file
w60-file-description Files with w60 extension are used by the Corel WordPerfect program. They are used in the version 6.0 as document file format.

w61-file-extension
w61-file-description Corel WordPerfect 6.1 document
w61-file-description Files with w61 extension are documents created in some older version of Corel WordPerfect word processor.

w64-file-extension
w64-file-description Sonic Foundry Wave-64 format
w64-file-description A w64 file extension is related to the Sonic Foundry, a multimedia suite. A w64 file contains audio data in Sonic Foundry Wave-64 format.

w6bn-file-extension
w6bn-file-description Microsoft Word 6 for Mac document file
w6bn-file-description Files with w6bn extension are used by the Microsoft Word program as a Mac document files.

w6e-file-extension
w6e-file-description Motif Rack ES Voice Editor voice data
w6e-file-description A w6e file extension is related to the Motif Rack ES Voice Editor and used for its voice data.

w6w-file-extension
w6w-file-description Microsoft Word 6 document
w6w-file-description A w6w file extension is associated with Microsoft Word. Microsoft Word is a popular tool for writing documents. This is probably wrong or very old association. Currently Microsoft Word for its documents uses file extension docx.

w7a-file-extension
w7a-file-description Yamaha Motif ES format
w7a-file-description Files with w7a file extension can be found as audio files in Yamaha Motif ES format. Used in some Yamaha instruments.

w7e-file-extension
w7e-file-description Motif Rack ES Voice Editor file
w7e-file-description Files with w7e extension are used by Motif Rack ES Voice editor. They contain voices data created in the application.

w7v-file-extension
w7v-file-description Yamaha Motif ES voices format
w7v-file-description A w7v file extension is related to the Yamaha Motif ES voices format. A w7v file stores audio data.

w7w-file-extension
w7w-file-description Yamaha Motif ES waveforms
w7w-file-description A w7w file extension is related to the Yamaha Motif ES waveforms format.

w86-file-extension
w86-file-description GNU Emacs data
w86-file-description A w86 file extension is associated with the GNU Emacs source code editing tool. A w86 file contains data.

w8bn-file-extension
w8bn-file-description Microsoft Word 98 for Mac document file
w8bn-file-description Files with w8bn extension were used by older version of the Microsoft Word program.

w8e-file-extension
w8e-file-description Motif Rack ES Voice Editor file
w8e-file-description Detailed description

w8tn-file-extension
w8tn-file-description Microsoft Word 98 for Mac template file
w8tn-file-description Detailed description

w8v-file-extension
w8v-file-description Yamaha Motif ES sample data
w8v-file-description Files with w8v file extension can be found as audio files in Yamaha Motif ES format. Used in some Yamaha instruments.

w95-file-extension
w95-file-description Microsoft Windows 95 data
w95-file-description A w95 file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 95 and used for its data files. Obsolete format.

w98-file-extension
w98-file-description Microsoft Windows 98 related data
w98-file-description A w98 file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 98 operating system. A w98 file contains system data.

w9e-file-extension
w9e-file-description Motif Rack ES Voice Editor voice
w9e-file-description A w9e file extension is related to the Motif Rack ES Voice Editor and used for its voice files.

w%3F%3F-file-extension
w%3F%3F-file-description Yamaha SY-series and TX16W wave file
w%3F%3F-file-description Detailed description

wa-file-extension
wa-file-description Windows 7 Toolkit data
wa-file-description A wa file extension is related to the Windows 7 Toolkit software for Windows.

wa%21-file-extension
wa%21-file-description GigaStudio/GigaSampler compressed wave data
wa%21-file-description Files with wa! file extension can mostly be found as older audio files from  GigaStudio/GigaSampler.

wa0-file-extension
wa0-file-description Magix Music Studio data
wa0-file-description A wa0 file extension is related to the Magix Music Studio and used for its data files.

wa1-file-extension
wa1-file-description Magix Musstu data
wa1-file-description A wa1 file extension is related to the Magix Musstu and used for its data files.

wa2-file-extension
wa2-file-description Wonderland Adventures custom game
wa2-file-description A wa2 file extension is related to the Wonderland Adventures computer game and used for custom game files.

wa8-file-extension
wa8-file-description Audio data
wa8-file-description A wa8 file extension is related to the WAVE audio file format.

waa-file-extension
waa-file-description XWE data
waa-file-description A waa file extension is related to the XWE editor and used for its data files.

wab-file-extension
wab-file-description Microsoft Windows Address Book
wab-file-description Files with wab file extension may be found as contact archives in Microsoft Windows Address Book format that was used in Outlook Express, a now discontinued email client.

wab%7E-file-extension
wab%7E-file-description Unknown file extension
wab%7E-file-description Files with wab~ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wac-file-extension
wac-file-description WISCO Accounts storage
wac-file-description A wac file extension is associated with the WISCO Accounts and used for its storage files.

wacomprefs-file-extension
wacomprefs-file-description Wacom preference backup archive
wacomprefs-file-description A wacomprefs file extension is related to software developed by Wacom Company, Limited. A wacomprefs file contains preference backup archive.

wacomxs-file-extension
wacomxs-file-description Wacom expert settings
wacomxs-file-description A wacomxs file extension is related to the Wacom expert settings files.

wad-file-extension
wad-file-description Doom WAD archive
wad-file-description Files with wad extension are usually encounterd in video games based on Id Tech 1 game engine (also known as Doom engine). A wad file is data container used to store game maps, sounds, models, sprites, music and other data.

wadcfg-file-extension
wadcfg-file-description Windows Azure Diagnostics configuration
wadcfg-file-description A wadcfg file extension is related to the Microsoft Azure and used for its Windows Azure Diagnostics config files.

wae-file-extension
wae-file-description Web Alive Editor compressed project
wae-file-description Files with wae file extension can be found as compressed project files from Web Alive Editor.

waf-file-extension
waf-file-description Microsoft Internet Explorer for Mac cache
waf-file-description Files with waf file extension were mainly used for cache purposes in the Macintosh version of Microsoft Internet Explorer.

waff-file-extension
waff-file-description IE for Mac saved web page file format
waff-file-description A waff file extension is related to the Microsoft Internet Explorer for Mac OS X (macOS) operating system. A waff file store web page archive.

waflib-file-extension
waflib-file-description DWOS data
waflib-file-description Files with waflib file extension are commonly used by Dental Wings Open System.

wag-file-extension
wag-file-description Train Simulator wagon data
wag-file-description A wag file extension is related to the Train Simulator computer game. A wag file stores wagon data.

wagame-file-extension
wagame-file-description Worms Armageddon game replay
wagame-file-description A wagame file extension is related to the Worms Armageddon video game. A wagame file contains replay.

wai-file-extension
wai-file-description Warcraft 3 AI data
wai-file-description A wai file extension is related to the Warcraft III, a real-time strategic computer game. A wai file contains AI data.

waj-file-extension
waj-file-description WinAutomation data
waj-file-description A waj file extension is related to WinAutomation macro recorder. A waj file contains data.

wal-file-extension
wal-file-description Winamp 3 skin format
wal-file-description Files with wal file extension can be found as program skins for version 3 of Winamp media player. Still usable even in latest version of the program.

wallet-file-extension
wallet-file-description Globe 3 (variant) ransomware affected file
wallet-file-description Files with wallet extension may also be files that have been encrypted and renamed by a variant of the Globe 3 ransomware.

walletx-file-extension
walletx-file-description Enpass backup
walletx-file-description Files with walletx file extension are commonly used by Enpass for its backups.

wam-file-extension
wam-file-description WebAction macro
wam-file-description Files with wam file extension could be in the past found as macro files from Copasetic WebAction software.

wand-file-extension
wand-file-description Apple GarageBand project
wand-file-description A .wand file extension is related to the GarageBand and used for its project files.

wap-file-extension
wap-file-description Wireless bitmap (level 0) image format
wap-file-description Files with wap suffix can be sometimes found as pictures saved in wireless bitmap (level 0) image format for mobile phones.

wapt-file-extension
wapt-file-description WAPT package
wapt-file-description A wapt file extension is related to WAPT package file format used by WAPT app.

waptt-file-extension
waptt-file-description WhatsApp Messenger voicemail recording
waptt-file-description Files with waptt extension are audio files recorded or saved by the WhatsApp instant messaging client. Most likely voice mails or other recordings.

war-file-extension
war-file-description Archived Konqueror HTML page
war-file-description A war file extension is related to the Konqueror for KDE desktop and used for its archived HTML pages.

warc-file-extension
warc-file-description Web ARChive file format
warc-file-description A warc file extension is related to the Web ARChive file format developed for combining multiple digital resources into an aggregate archival file.

wargameprofile-file-extension
wargameprofile-file-description Wargame Red Dragon profile
wargameprofile-file-description Files with wargameprofile file extension are related to the Wargame Red Dragon profile data.

warning-file-extension
warning-file-description NASA VIR Validator results
warning-file-description A .warning file extension is related to VIR Validator software developed by NASA. A *.warning file stores results.

warz-file-extension
warz-file-description Applet Runne data
warz-file-description A warz file extension is related to the Applet Runne files.

was-file-extension
was-file-description ProComm source script
was-file-description A was file extension is related to the ProComm and used for its source script.

wat-file-extension
wat-file-description IBM Voice Type languages map
wat-file-description A wat file extension is related to the IBM Voice Type and used for its languages maps.

wavc-file-extension
wavc-file-description Special ACM audio data
wavc-file-description Files with wavc file extension can be found as special variant of ACM files. Typically used in older computer games.

wave-file-extension
wave-file-description WAVe PCM sound
wave-file-description A wave file extension is related to Wave Form Audio (WAV) container file format used to store sounds as waveforms.

wave64-file-extension
wave64-file-description Sony Wave64 audio data
wave64-file-description A wave64 file extension is related to the Sony Wave64 audio data format.

wavm-file-extension
wavm-file-description XWE data
wavm-file-description A wavm file extension is related to the XWE tool for Windows. A wavm file contains data.

wax-file-extension
wax-file-description Windows Media Audio redirector
wax-file-description A wax file extension is associated with the Windows Media Audio Redirector a metafile format used by Windows Media.

wa_-file-extension
wa_-file-description Unknown file extension
wa_-file-description Files with wa_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wa%7E-file-extension
wa%7E-file-description Microsoft Address Book data
wa%7E-file-description A wa~ file extension is related to the temporary files used by Microsoft Address Book component.

wb-file-extension
wb-file-description FIFA 2000 game data
wb-file-description A wb file extension is related to the FIFA 2000 video game. A wb file contains game data.

wb0-file-extension
wb0-file-description Corel Quattro Pro spreadsheet
wb0-file-description Files with wb0 extension are used by the Corel Quattro Pro software. They include some spreadsheets created in the program.

wb1-file-extension
wb1-file-description Corel Quattro Pro spreadsheet
wb1-file-description A wb1 file extension is related to Corel Quattro Pro spreadsheet editor. A wb1 file stores spreadsheet.

wb2-file-extension
wb2-file-description Corel Quattro Pro spreadsheet
wb2-file-description Files with wb2 file extension may be found as spreadsheets saved in some previous (likely very old) version of Quattro Pro spreadsheet editor.

wb3-file-extension
wb3-file-description Corel Quattro Pro spreadsheet
wb3-file-description Files with wb3 extension are old spreadsheets from Corel Quattro Pro spreadsheet editing software.

wb4-file-extension
wb4-file-description WindowBlinds default skin
wb4-file-description A wb4 file extension is related to the WindowBlinds program. A wb4 file stores skin.

wb%3F-file-extension
wb%3F-file-description Corel Quattro Pro spreadsheet file
wb%3F-file-description Files with wb? extension are used for Corel Quattro Pro software. They include spreadsheets created in this program.

wbb-file-extension
wbb-file-description WinBackup backup
wbb-file-description A wbb file extension is related to the WinBackup program for Windows. A wbb file stores backup of user's data.

wbc-file-extension
wbc-file-description Webshots collection image format
wbc-file-description A wbc file extension is related to the Webshots and used for its collection image format.

wbd-file-extension
wbd-file-description Microsoft Works database
wbd-file-description A wbd file extension is related to the Microsoft Works database file format.

wbdb-file-extension
wbdb-file-description ANSYS Workbench data
wbdb-file-description A wbdb file extension is associated with the ANSYS Workbench and used for its data files.

wbdp-file-extension
wbdp-file-description ANSYS Workbench project global data
wbdp-file-description Files with wbdp file extension might be found as part of projects from ANSYS Workbench. A wbdp file contains global data.

wbex-file-extension
wbex-file-description ANSYS Workbench extension
wbex-file-description Files with wbex file extension are related to the ANSYS Workbench extension.

wbf-file-extension
wbf-file-description Microsoft Windows batch file
wbf-file-description A wbf file extension is related to Microsoft Windows operating system and used for its batch files.

wbf1-file-extension
wbf1-file-description Nintendo Wii loader backup
wbf1-file-description Files with wbf1 file extension can be usually found as loader backups from Nintendo Wii gaming console.

wbfs-file-extension
wbfs-file-description Nintendo Wii backup file system data
wbfs-file-description A wbfs file extension is related to the backup of Nintendo Wii WBFS file system created by USB backup loader.

wbi-file-extension
wbi-file-description Wii Backup Manager ISO image
wbi-file-description A wbi file extension is related to the ISO image format used by Wii Backup Manager program.

wbk-file-extension
wbk-file-description Microsoft Word document saved backup
wbk-file-description Files with wbk file extension can be mainly found as document backups generated by MS Word 2007 or older, if the "always create backup copy" is enabled.

wbl-file-extension
wbl-file-description Argo WebLoad upload data
wbl-file-description Files with wbl file extension can be found as upload files from old Argo WebLoad program.

wbm-file-extension
wbm-file-description Wireless Bitmap image
wbm-file-description A wbm file extension is related to the Wireless Bitmap Format designed for applications that operate over wireless communication networks.

wbn-file-extension
wbn-file-description WBNM flood hydrograph model file
wbn-file-description Files with wbn extension are associated with WBNM flood hydrograph model.

wbnk-file-extension
wbnk-file-description Music Composer instruments
wbnk-file-description Files with wbnk file extension can be found as audio instrument files from Music Composer program for old Mac computers.

wbo-file-extension
wbo-file-description DataFlex web business object
wbo-file-description A wbo file extension is related to the DataFlex and used for its web business object files.

wbp-file-extension
wbp-file-description Webshots picture collection
wbp-file-description Files with wbp suffix can be mostly found as special encrypted picture from Webshots desktop wallpaper service.

wbpj-file-extension
wbpj-file-description ANSYS Workbench project
wbpj-file-description Files with wbpj extension can be typically found as projects from ANSYS Workbench engineering simulation software.

wbpz-file-extension
wbpz-file-description ANSYS update package
wbpz-file-description Files with wbpz extension can be found as update packages for some ANSYS programs.

wbr-file-extension
wbr-file-description Crick WordBar file
wbr-file-description Files with wbr extension are used by the WordBar application. They contain some data for internal purposes of the app.

wbs-file-extension
wbs-file-description Webshots screensaver
wbs-file-description A wbs file extension is related to the Webshots on-line service. A wbs file stores screensaver downloaded from Webshots.

wbt-file-extension
wbt-file-description WinBatch script
wbt-file-description Files with wbt extension may be often found as script files from WinBatch Windows desktop automation solution.

wbu-file-extension
wbu-file-description Samsung PC Studio backup
wbu-file-description A wbu file extension is related to the Samsung PC Studio and used for its backup files.

wbverify-file-extension
wbverify-file-description Microsoft Windows backup information
wbverify-file-description Files with wbverify extension can be found as one of the backup files generated by the default backup utility in older versions of Microsoft Windows.

wbx-file-extension
wbx-file-description Webshots file format
wbx-file-description A wbx file extension is related to the Webshots file format. A wbx file contains properties of several pictures and it is embedded to wbz archive.

wbxml-file-extension
wbxml-file-description WAP binary XML data
wbxml-file-description Files with wbxml file extension are related to WAP Binary XML format. Technology used in wireless networks.

wbz-file-extension
wbz-file-description Webshots image format
wbz-file-description A wbz file extension is associated with the Webshots, an on-line service with photos and wallpapers. A wbz file contains picture image.

wb_-file-extension
wb_-file-description Unknown file extension
wb_-file-description Files with wb_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wc-file-extension
wc-file-description Total Commander file tree info
wc-file-description A wc file extension is related to the Total Commander and used for its tree info data files.

wcap-file-extension
wcap-file-description Wireless Diagnostics captured packet
wcap-file-description A wcap file extension is related to the Wireless Diagnostics captured packet format.

wcat-file-extension
wcat-file-description WinCatalog collection data
wcat-file-description A wcat file extension is related to the WinCatalog software. A wcat file stores collection data.

wcb-file-extension
wcb-file-description WinCDR data
wcb-file-description A wcb file extension is related to the WinCDR software developed by Aplix.

wcc-file-extension
wcc-file-description Wincam 2000 cache
wcc-file-description Files with wcc file extension could in the past be found as cache files generated by the Wincam 2000 program.

wcd-file-extension
wcd-file-description Corel WordPerfect macro token list
wcd-file-description Files with wcd file extension can be found as macro token list files from Corel WordPerfect.

wcf-file-extension
wcf-file-description WebEx saved chat session
wcf-file-description Files with wcf file extension might be found as saved chat sessions from WebEx program.

wch-file-extension
wch-file-description Corel WordPerfect macro facility file
wch-file-description The wch extension files were used by Corel WordPerfect program. They store macro facility data.

wcinv-file-extension
wcinv-file-description Windows Meeting Space data
wcinv-file-description A wcinv file extension is related to the Windows Meeting Space for Windows Vista.

wcinv-ms-p2p-file-extension
wcinv-ms-p2p-file-description Windows Meeting Space data
wcinv-ms-p2p-file-description Files with wcinv-ms-p2p file extension is related to the Windows Meeting Space software.

wck-file-extension
wck-file-description WaterCAD data
wck-file-description A wck file extension is related to the WaterCAD designing program. A wck file contains data.

wcl-file-extension
wcl-file-description WellCAD log file
wcl-file-description Files with wlc suffix can be often encountered as information logs generated in the WellCAD software developed by ALT- Advanced Logic Technology.

wcm-file-extension
wcm-file-description Microsoft Works communications script file
wcm-file-description Files with wcm extension are used for Microsoft Works. These files are used for communication scripts.

wcmm-file-extension
wcmm-file-description Bamboo Dock application
wcmm-file-description A wcmm file extension is related to the Bamboo Dock software for Adobe Flash apps distribution.

wcn-file-extension
wcn-file-description Writer's Café notebook data
wcn-file-description A wcn file extension is related to the Writer's Café and used for its notebook files.

wcp-file-extension
wcp-file-description Corel WordPerfect product information file
wcp-file-description Files with wcp extension are used for the Corel WordPerfect. They include product information.

wcpl-file-extension
wcpl-file-description Webcopier project settings file
wcpl-file-description Detailed description

wcp_settings-file-extension
wcp_settings-file-description Alpha Five web project settings
wcp_settings-file-description A wcp_settings file extension is related to the Alpha Five and used for its web project settings.

wcr-file-extension
wcr-file-description Ergane configuration
wcr-file-description Files with wcr file extension can be found as configuration files for Ergane translation dictionary program for early Windows.

wcry-file-extension
wcry-file-description WannaCry ransomware affected file
wcry-file-description Files with wcry extension are encrypted and renamed files that were affected by the infamous WannaCry ransomware.

wcs-file-extension
wcs-file-description Astrometry data
wcs-file-description A wcs file extension is related to the astrometry data format.

wcst-file-extension
wcst-file-description Wirecast document
wcst-file-description A wcst file extension is associated with the Wirecast and used for its document files.

wct-file-extension
wct-file-description WordCast project
wct-file-description A wct file extension is associated with the WordCast, a newsletter program. A wct file contains project.

wcu-file-extension
wcu-file-description CueCard saved flash cards
wcu-file-description Files with wcu extension are used for CueCard software.

wcx-file-extension
wcx-file-description Total Commander plug-in
wcx-file-description A wcx flle extension is related to the Total Commander file management tool. A wcx file stores plug-in.

wcxf-file-extension
wcxf-file-description WorldCard exchange format
wcxf-file-description Files with wcxf file extension might be found as exported contacts list made in WorldCard app.

wcz-file-extension
wcz-file-description Chameleon Clock wallpaper
wcz-file-description A wcz file extension is related to the Chameleon Clock. A wcz file stores theme pack.

wd-file-extension
wd-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro image
wd-file-description A wd file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Photo Pro and used for its image files.

wd0-file-extension
wd0-file-description WordExpress document
wd0-file-description A wd0 file extension is related to the WordExpress text editor. A wd0 file contains document.

wd1-file-extension
wd1-file-description WordExpress document
wd1-file-description A wd1 file extension is related to the WordExpress documents.

wd2-file-extension
wd2-file-description Info Select database
wd2-file-description A wd2 file extension is related to the Info Select, a data organizing tool for Palm. A wd2 file stores database.

wd3-file-extension
wd3-file-description Offline Explorer directory index
wd3-file-description A wd3 file extension is related to Offline Explorer and used for its directory index files.

wda-file-extension
wda-file-description NetManage RUMBA configuration data
wda-file-description A wda file extension is related to the RUMBA, a terminal emulation app and used for its configuration files.

wdbn-file-extension
wdbn-file-description Microsoft World for Mac document file
wdbn-file-description Files with wdbn extension are used by Microsoft Word software. They were used in older version for document files.

wdcd-file-extension
wdcd-file-description Word 5 for Mac custom dictionary
wdcd-file-description A wdcd file extension is related to the Microsoft Word version 5 for Mac. A wdcd file stores custom dictionary.

wdd-file-extension
wdd-file-description AutoCAD Electrical description list
wdd-file-description A wdd file extension is related to the AutoCAD Electrical and used for its description list file.

wdf-file-extension
wdf-file-description Microsoft Windows Driver Foundation data
wdf-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe WDF file extension!

wdgp-file-extension
wdgp-file-description Word for Mac Add-in file
wdgp-file-description Detailed description

wdgt-file-extension
wdgt-file-description Apple Mac OS X Dashboard widget
wdgt-file-description Files with wdgt extension are used by Mac OS X Dashboard.

wdgtproj-file-extension
wdgtproj-file-description Apple Dashcode project
wdgtproj-file-description A wdgtproj file extension is related to the Apple Dashcode and used for its project files.

wdgx-file-extension
wdgx-file-description Wedge CAD document
wdgx-file-description Files with wdgx file extension are associated with the Wedge and used for its CAD documents.

wdi-file-extension
wdi-file-description WINDEV component description file
wdi-file-description Files with wdi extension are used by the WINDEV application development program. They include descriptions of a program components.

wdic-file-extension
wdic-file-description Word 5 for Mac plug-in
wdic-file-description A wdic file extension is related to the Microsoft Word, a word processor for Windows and Mac. A wdic file contains plug-in.

wdk-file-extension
wdk-file-description WINDEV component file
wdk-file-description Files with wdk extension are used by the WINDEV utility. They include some component data for the WINDEV.

wdl-file-extension
wdl-file-description World definition language script
wdl-file-description Files with wdl suffix are most often found as scripts written in the 3D GameStudio's World Definition Language.

wdll-file-extension
wdll-file-description Word 6 for Mac Add-in file
wdll-file-description Detailed description

wdm-file-extension
wdm-file-description MS Visual Interdev98 templates web project items data
wdm-file-description A wdm file extension is related to the MS Visual Interdev98 templates web project Items file format.

wdn-file-extension
wdn-file-description AutoCAD Electrical project-related data
wdn-file-description Files with wdn file extension can be found as one of the project-related files made in AutoCAD Electrical.

wdo-file-extension
wdo-file-description WINDEV component list
wdo-file-description Files with wdo file extension are related to the WINDEV component list format.

wdoc-file-extension
wdoc-file-description WriteOnline document
wdoc-file-description A wdoc file extension is related to the WriteOnline, a word processor. A wdoc file stores document.

wdproj-file-extension
wdproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio web deployment project file
wdproj-file-description Files with wdproj extension are used for the Microsoft Visual Studio as an integrated development environment. They contain web deployment project.

wdq-file-extension
wdq-file-description WDQ Offline Explorer queue
wdq-file-description A wdq file extension is associated with the WDQ Offline Explorer queue files.

wdr-file-extension
wdr-file-description Psion Series 3 printer driver
wdr-file-description A wdr file extension is related to the Psion Series 3 PDA computers and used for their printer driver.

wds-file-extension
wds-file-description WohnungsPlan 3D project
wds-file-description A wds file extension is associated with the WohnungsPlan 3D a CAD software. A wds file stores 3D project.

wdseml-file-extension
wdseml-file-description Mozilla Thunderbird mail message file
wdseml-file-description Files with wdseml extension can be found as mail messages saved in Mozilla Thunderbird.

wdsheet-file-extension
wdsheet-file-description WebDrive data
wdsheet-file-description A wdsheet file extension is related to the WebDrive, a drive mapping utility and used for its data files.

wdslide-file-extension
wdslide-file-description WebDrive data
wdslide-file-description A wdslide file extension is related to the WebDrive and used for its data files.

wdsp-file-extension
wdsp-file-description WebDrive data
wdsp-file-description Files with wdsp file extension are associated with the WebDrive software.

wdt-file-extension
wdt-file-description WinSQL schema diff template
wdt-file-description A wdt file extension is related to the WinSQL, a database management tool. A wdt file stores schema diff template.

wdv-file-extension
wdv-file-description TracePlus Web Detective file
wdv-file-description Files with wdv extension are used for TracePlus/Web Detective software. They include various data files for internal purposes.

wdw-file-extension
wdw-file-description WINDEV window file
wdw-file-description Files with wdw extension are used by the WINDEV, to store settings data of the program.

wdx-file-extension
wdx-file-description Total Commander content plugin
wdx-file-description A wdx file extension is related to the Total Commander, file management tool. A wdx file contains content plugin.

wdx9-file-extension
wdx9-file-description Microsoft Word for Mac wizard data
wdx9-file-description Files with wdx9 file extension can be found as wizard files from one of the older versions of Microsoft Word for Mac.

wdy-file-extension
wdy-file-description WINDEV run-time template
wdy-file-description A wdy file extension is related to the WinDEV and used for its run-time template files.

wdz-file-extension
wdz-file-description WinDev ZIP archive
wdz-file-description A wdz file extension is related to the WinDev and used for its ZIP archive files.

we-file-extension
we-file-description FIFA 2000 game data
we-file-description A we file extension is related to the FIFA 2000 video game. A we file stores game data.

we%3F-file-extension
we%3F-file-description Standard mail archive file
we%3F-file-description Detailed description

wea-file-extension
wea-file-description Autodesk Ecotect weather data
wea-file-description A wea file suffix is associated with the Autodesk Ecotect software. A wea file contains weather data.

weap-file-extension
weap-file-description Wolfenstein 3D weapon definition script
weap-file-description Files with weap extension are used by the Wolfenstein 3D program.

weavelibrary-file-extension
weavelibrary-file-description Corel Painter weave library
weavelibrary-file-description A weavelibrary file extension is commonly used for Corel Painter weave library files.

web-file-extension
web-file-description Xara web document
web-file-description A web file extension is related to the Xara web document file format used by Xara from MAGIX AG.

weba-file-extension
weba-file-description Zoom Player WebM audio
weba-file-description The weba file extension is related to the Zoom Player and used for its WebM audio files.

weballowblocklist-file-extension
weballowblocklist-file-description Microsoft Windows Vista parental control settings file
weballowblocklist-file-description The *.weballowblocklist file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Vista operating system. The *.weballowblocklist stores settings for parental control.

webapp-file-extension
webapp-file-description Website 2 APK project
webapp-file-description Files with webapp file extension can be found as projects made and saved using the Website 2 APK Builder.

webarchivexml-file-extension
webarchivexml-file-description Android 3.1 browser saved website
webarchivexml-file-description A webarchivexml file extension is related to the Google Android operating system and used for its browser saved website files.

webbookmark-file-extension
webbookmark-file-description Apple Safari bookmark
webbookmark-file-description A webbookmark file extension is related to the Apple Safari and used for its bookmark files.

webdoc-file-extension
webdoc-file-description Box service document
webdoc-file-description Files with webdoc extension are associated with the Box.com environment. They include some internal data.

webhistory-file-extension
webhistory-file-description Apple Safari history item
webhistory-file-description A webhistory file extension is related to the Apple Safari and used for its history item files.

webinar-file-extension
webinar-file-description GoToWebinar session
webinar-file-description Files with webinar file extension are saved sessions from GoToWebinar software.

webinfo-file-extension
webinfo-file-description Visual Studio .NET data
webinfo-file-description A webinfo file extension is related to the Visual Studio integrated development environment. A webinfo file stores some kind of data for Visual Studio.

webintents-file-extension
webintents-file-description Webintents data
webintents-file-description A webintents file extension is related to the Web Intents, a specification of service discovery and light-weight RPC mechanism for web apps.

webloc-file-extension
webloc-file-description Apple Safari Internet URL
webloc-file-description Files with webloc extension can be mainly found as internet shortcuts generated by Safari web browser for macOS (OS X).

weboogl-file-extension
weboogl-file-description Web Object Oriented Graphics Library file
weboogl-file-description Detailed description

webpart-file-extension
webpart-file-description Microsoft SharePoint web part
webpart-file-description A webpart file extension is related to the Microsoft SharePoint. A .webpart file contains web part data.

webpnp-file-extension
webpnp-file-description Web Point And Print
webpnp-file-description A webpnp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A webpnp file stores support from printing.

webpublishhistory-file-extension
webpublishhistory-file-description Alpha Five file
webpublishhistory-file-description Files with WEBPUBLISHHISTORY extension can be found as part of Alpha Five database software.

websettings-file-extension
websettings-file-description J2EE web project settings
websettings-file-description A websettings file extension is associated with the J2EE and used for its project settings.

website-file-extension
website-file-description Internet Explorer 9 pinned site shortcut
website-file-description A website file extension is associated with the Internet Explorer version 9. A website file stores pinned site shortcut.

webtemplate-file-extension
webtemplate-file-description Apple iWeb template file
webtemplate-file-description Detailed description

webtest-file-extension
webtest-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio web test
webtest-file-description Files with webtest file extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio for web testing purposes.

webtestresult-file-extension
webtestresult-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio web test result file
webtestresult-file-description Files with webtestresult extension are associated with Visual Studio as one of it's data files.

webtheme-file-extension
webtheme-file-description Apple iWeb theme file
webtheme-file-description Detailed description

webz-file-extension
webz-file-description Web Format compressed eBook file
webz-file-description Files with webz extension are used by the Web Books Viewer application.

wed-file-extension
wed-file-description Firefox bookmark backup
wed-file-description A wed file extension is related to the Firefox, a web browsing tool. A wed file contains bookmark backup.

weddingdashsavedgame-file-extension
weddingdashsavedgame-file-description Wedding Dash saved game
weddingdashsavedgame-file-description The weddingdashsavedgame file extension is related to the Wedding Dash saved game files.

weekly-file-extension
weekly-file-description Week log
weekly-file-description Files with weekly file extension are used by time tracking week log files from Smart WorkTime Tracker and other tools.

wef-file-extension
wef-file-description Microsoft Exchange file system format
wef-file-description A wef file extension is related to the Microsoft Exchange and used for its Exchange file system format. A wef file cotnains workflow process, properties, and common script

weightoutput-file-extension
weightoutput-file-description SAM Sequence file
weightoutput-file-description Detailed description

weights-file-extension
weights-file-description SAM sequence weights data
weights-file-description A weights file extension is related to the SAM (Sequence Alignment and Modeling system). A weights file stores sequence weights data.

wel-file-extension
wel-file-description Seismaster input well path
wel-file-description A wel file extension is related to the Seismaster input well path file format.

wem-file-extension
wem-file-description Wwise Encoded Media audio
wem-file-description Files with wem extension are audio files from WaveWorks Interactive Sound Engine audio editing tool.

wenlin-file-extension
wenlin-file-description Wenlin Software data
wenlin-file-description A wenlin file suffix is related to the Wenlin Software for Learning Chinese.

wenlinbin-file-extension
wenlinbin-file-description Wenlin Software data
wenlinbin-file-description A wenlinbin file extension is related to the Wenlin Software for Learning Chinese.

wenlindb-file-extension
wenlindb-file-description Wenlin Software database
wenlindb-file-description Files with wenlindb file extension are associated with the Wenlin Software database format.

wenlinfc-file-extension
wenlinfc-file-description Wenlin Software data
wenlinfc-file-description Files with wenlinfc file extension are associated with the Wenlin Software for Learning Chinese. A wenlinfc file stores data.

wenlinfx-file-extension
wenlinfx-file-description Wenlin Software data
wenlinfx-file-description Files with wenlinfx file extension are Wenlin Software for Learning Chinese.

wenlintree-file-extension
wenlintree-file-description Wenlin Software data
wenlintree-file-description Files with wenlintree file extension are associated with the Wenlin Software data.

wep-file-extension
wep-file-description ePublisher stationery design project
wep-file-description A wep file extension is related to the ePublisher stationery design project file format.

wer-file-extension
wer-file-description Microsoft Windows application error report
wer-file-description Files with wer extension can be found as some kind of error log reports generated by certain versions of Microsoft Windows.

wes-file-extension
wes-file-description WE7000 Control Software setup data
wes-file-description A wes file extension is related to the WE7000 a measurement instruments. A wes file contains setup data.

wet-file-extension
wet-file-description WinSQL export template
wet-file-description Files with wet extension are associated with WinSQL.

we_-file-extension
we_-file-description Unknown file extension
we_-file-description Files with we_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wf-file-extension
wf-file-description FIFA 2000 game data
wf-file-description A wf file extension is related to the FIFA 2000 video game and used for its play files.

wf1-file-extension
wf1-file-description EViews work data
wf1-file-description A wf1 file extension is related to the EViews, a forecasting and analysis tool. A wf1 file stores work data.

wf4-file-extension
wf4-file-description Creo Parametric symbol data
wf4-file-description Files with wf4 file extension can be found as symbol libraries from Creo Parametric software.

wfa-file-extension
wfa-file-description WinFax Pro archive
wfa-file-description A wfa file extension is related to the WinFax Pro and used for its archive files.

wfb-file-extension
wfb-file-description Turtle Beach WaveFront bank
wfb-file-description A wfb file extension is related to the Turtle Beach and used for its WaveFront bank files.

wfc-file-extension
wfc-file-description War FTP client data
wfc-file-description A wcf file extension is related to the War FTP Daemon and used for its client data files.

wfd-file-extension
wfd-file-description Turtle Beach WaveFront drum set format
wfd-file-description An wfd file extension is related to the Turtle Beach WaveFront drum set format file format.

wff-file-extension
wff-file-description Dataplore wavelet filter data
wff-file-description A wff file extension is related to Dataplore analysis software. A wff file contains wavelet filter.

wfi-file-extension
wfi-file-description Agilent Infiniium Oscilloscope waveform data
wfi-file-description A wfi file extension is related to the Agilent Infiniium Oscilloscope and used for its waveform files.

wfindex-file-extension
wfindex-file-description Adobe Photoshop Lightroom index
wfindex-file-description Files with wfindex file extension are commonly used by Adobe Photoshop Lightroom index format.

wfk-file-extension
wfk-file-description Delphi data
wfk-file-description Files with wfk file extension can mostly be found as part of Borland Delphi.

wfl-file-extension
wfl-file-description Offline Design for Workflow process data
wfl-file-description A wfl file extension is related to the Offline Design for Workflow and used for its process files.

wflow-file-extension
wflow-file-description Apple Automator workflow data
wflow-file-description A wflow file extension is related to the Apple Automator. A wflow file stores workflow.

wflx-file-extension
wflx-file-description WildFire ransomware affected file
wflx-file-description Files with wflx suffix may be usually found as files encrypted by the WildFire ransomware.

wfm-file-extension
wfm-file-description dBASE form
wfm-file-description A wfm file extension is related to the dBASE, a database management system and used for its form files.

wfn-file-extension
wfn-file-description Corel font or symbol
wfn-file-description A wfn file extension is related to applications developed by Corel and used for its font or symbol files.

wfo-file-extension
wfo-file-description Delphi runimage data
wfo-file-description Files with wfo file extension can be found as part of Delphi IDE from Embarcadero.

wfp-file-extension
wfp-file-description Turtle Beach WaveFront audio data
wfp-file-description Files with wfp extension are in most cases audio files from the Turtle Beach WaveFront.

wfr-file-extension
wfr-file-description EMSE wireframe data
wfr-file-description Files with wfr file extension are related to the EMSE wireframe data format.

wfs-file-extension
wfs-file-description Microsoft Windows installation script
wfs-file-description A wfs file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system installation. A wfs file contains installation script.

wfsp-file-extension
wfsp-file-description Wondershare Fantashow project
wfsp-file-description Files with wfsp file extension are related to the Wondershare Fantashow projects.

wft-file-extension
wft-file-description Nicolet WFT digital oscilloscope export
wft-file-description A wft file extension is related to the Nicolet WFT digital oscilloscope export file format.

wfv-file-extension
wfv-file-description DataSet Vision query report
wfv-file-description A wfv file extension is related to the DataSet Vision and used for its query report files.

wfw-file-extension
wfw-file-description Windows Firewall exported rules
wfw-file-description Files with wfw file extension can be usually found as exported policy settings for Firewall in Windows Server 2008 related firewall files.

wfx-file-extension
wfx-file-description Adobe user keyboard shortcut settings
wfx-file-description A wfx file extension is related to the Adobe apps for Microsoft Windows. A wfx file contains user keyboard shortcut.

wg-file-extension
wg-file-description FIFA 2000 game data
wg-file-description A wg file extension is related to the FIFA 2000 video game. A wg file contains game data.

wg1-file-extension
wg1-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 worksheet
wg1-file-description A wg1 file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3 software and used for its worksheet files.

wg2-file-extension
wg2-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 for OS/2 worksheet
wg2-file-description A wg2 file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3, a spreadsheet editor. A wg2 files stores worksheet.

wgameprofile-file-extension
wgameprofile-file-description X-Men Origins: Wolverine profile
wgameprofile-file-description A wgameprofile file extension is related to the X-Men Origins: Wolverine video game and used for its profile files.

wgc-file-extension
wgc-file-description WGCheck log
wgc-file-description Files with wgc extension can be nowadays mostly be found as logs generated by the WGCheck utility, part of games from Wargaming.net, such as World of Tanks or World of Warships.

wgeo-file-extension
wgeo-file-description League of Legends world geometry
wgeo-file-description Files with wgeo file suffix are associated with the League of Legends world geometry format.

wgf-file-extension
wgf-file-description Widelands game data
wgf-file-description A wgf file extension is related to the Widelands, a real time strategic computer game. A wgf file stores game data.

wgi-file-extension
wgi-file-description WildGame Innovations flexi video
wgi-file-description Files with wgi file extension are mainly related photographs recorded using the WildGame Innovations digital cameras.

wgl-file-extension
wgl-file-description The Games: Winter Challenge tournament data
wgl-file-description A wgl file extension is related to the The Games: Winter Challenge computer game. A wgl file contains player's progress in tournament.

wgm-file-extension
wgm-file-description Webgalamb newsletter template
wgm-file-description A wgm file extension is related to the Webgalamb newsletter template format.

wgn-file-extension
wgn-file-description SWAT wather generator input
wgn-file-description A wgn file extension is related to the SWAT (Soil & Water Assessment Tool) and used for its generator input files.

wgom-file-extension
wgom-file-description CompeGPS Land Google Earth remote map
wgom-file-description A wgom file extension is related to the CompeGPS Land, a navigation software. A wgom file contains settings for integration to Google Earth service.

wgp-file-extension
wgp-file-description Web Gallery project
wgp-file-description A wgp file extension is associated with the WebHat Web Gallery app. A wgp file stores project.

wgpkg-file-extension
wgpkg-file-description WarGaming update package
wgpkg-file-description Files with wgpkg extension are update backups for World of Tanks, World of Warships or World of Warplanes computer game from Wargaming.

wgq-file-extension
wgq-file-description WackGet queue data
wgq-file-description A wgq file extension is related to the WackGet download manager.

wgs-file-extension
wgs-file-description Walk-Graph segment
wgs-file-description A wgs file extension is related to the Walk-Graph segment data.

wgt-file-extension
wgt-file-description Opera widgets
wgt-file-description Files with wgt file extension can mostly be found as widgets for Opera web browser.

wgv-file-extension
wgv-file-description Unknown file extension
wgv-file-description Files with wgv file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wgx-file-extension
wgx-file-description WatchGuard VPN security certificate
wgx-file-description Files with wgx file extension might be found as VPN security certificates for WatchGuard software.

wgz-file-extension
wgz-file-description S60 Web Runtime Widget package
wgz-file-description Files with wgz file extension are widgets for Nokia S60 mobile phones. Basically a ZIP file that can be decompressed any program.

wh-file-extension
wh-file-description Unknown file extension
wh-file-description Files with wh file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wh2-file-extension
wh2-file-description Clear Creek Solutions project file
wh2-file-description Files with wh2 file extension might be found as projects from Clear Creek Solution hydrologic and hydraulic systems.

whb-file-extension
whb-file-description Apple iPod backup image
whb-file-description Files with whb file extension are generally related to backup files created with the CopyTrans and iCloner apps for iPod.

whd-file-extension
whd-file-description Hitman game archive
whd-file-description A whd file extension is related to the Hitman 2 and Hitman: Contracts, a 3D third person shooter computer games. The whd file stores archive with game data.

whdat-file-extension
whdat-file-description Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon saved game
whdat-file-description Files with whdat file extension can be found as saved game positions from Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon, a turn-based strategy game.

wheeloffortune2savedgame-file-extension
wheeloffortune2savedgame-file-description Wheel of Fortune saved game
wheeloffortune2savedgame-file-description A wheeloffortune2savedgame file extension is related to the Wheel of Fortune video game.

whereisyourfiles-file-extension
whereisyourfiles-file-description Samas/SamSam ransomware affected file
whereisyourfiles-file-description Files with Whereisyourfiles suffix are encrypted files that had their suffix renamed by the one of the variant of Samas/SamSam ransomware.

whirld-file-extension
whirld-file-description Unity whirld data
whirld-file-description A whirld file extension is related to the Unity, a 3D world modeling program. A whirld file contains data.

whl-file-extension
whl-file-description Python wheel package
whl-file-description Files with whl extension can be most often found as special wheel package files from the Python programming language.

whlp-file-extension
whlp-file-description Microsoft Word for Mac help file
whlp-file-description Detailed description

whm-file-extension
whm-file-description Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War model
whm-file-description A whm file extension is related to the Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War computer game. A whm file stores 3D model for game.

whs-file-extension
whs-file-description Unknown file extension
whs-file-description Files with whs file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

whsav-file-extension
whsav-file-description Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon saved game
whsav-file-description Files with whsav file extension can be found as saved game positions from Warhammer 40,000: Armageddon, a turn-based strategy game.

wht-file-extension
wht-file-description Microsoft NetMeeting white board document
wht-file-description A wht file extension is related to the Microsoft NetMeeting software. A wht file contains white board document.

whtt-file-extension
whtt-file-description WinHTTrack project
whtt-file-description A whtt file extension is related to the WinHTTrack software. A whtt file stores project.

whx-file-extension
whx-file-description WinHex backup data
whx-file-description A whx file extension is related to the WinHex, a universal hexadecimal editor. A whx file stores backup data.

whz-file-extension
whz-file-description WinUAEX zipped WHDLoad settings
whz-file-description Files with whz file extension are associated with the WinUAEX zipped WHDLoad settings.

wi-file-extension
wi-file-description Wavelet compressed image
wi-file-description A wi file extension is related to the Wavelet compressed image file format.

wia-file-extension
wia-file-description Nintendo Wii ISO archive
wia-file-description Files with wia file extension can be found as compressed disk mage formats for Nintendo Wii console. Used to distribute Wii software.

wibucmrac-file-extension
wibucmrac-file-description CodeMeter control data
wibucmrac-file-description A wibucmrac file extension is related to the CodeMeter, a license controlling program. A wibucmrac file stores contains control data.

wibucmram-file-extension
wibucmram-file-description WIBU control information
wibucmram-file-description A wibucmram file extension is related to the CodeMeter, a solution from WIBU. A wibucmram file contains control information.

wibucmrau-file-extension
wibucmrau-file-description CodeMeter license request
wibucmrau-file-description A wibucmrau file extension is related to the CodeMeter, a license controlling solution. A wibucmrau file contains license request.

wic-file-extension
wic-file-description J Wavelet Image Codec image format
wic-file-description Files with wic file extension might be images in J Wavelet format. Very rare with limited support.

wicsavegame-file-extension
wicsavegame-file-description World in Conflict saved game
wicsavegame-file-description A wicsavegame file extension is related to the World in Conflict and used for its saved game files.

wid-file-extension
wid-file-description Corel Ventura Publisher width table data
wid-file-description A wid file extension is associated with the Corel Ventura Publisher and used for its width table files.

widget-file-extension
widget-file-description Yahoo! Widget file
widget-file-description Most files with widget suffix can be found as add-ons for Yahoo! Widget desktop service - widgets. However more programs use various widgets nowadays.

wie-file-extension
wie-file-description WordPress widget export data
wie-file-description A wie file extension is related to the WordPress, a free and open-source content management system (CMS).

wif-file-extension
wif-file-description Weaving Information Format graphics
wif-file-description Files with wif suffix can be mainly found as graphics in Weaving Information Format used for exchanging information among weaving software programs.

wiff-file-extension
wiff-file-description AB SCIEX Windows Interchange File Format
wiff-file-description Files with wiff file extension can be usually found as old data files saved in the AB SCIEX Windows Interchange File Format.

wig-file-extension
wig-file-description Wigmore Artist 64 picture image
wig-file-description A wig file extension is associated with the Wigmore Artist 64 picture image format.

wii-file-extension
wii-file-description Nintendo WII raw disk image
wii-file-description A wii file extension is related to the RAW disk image file format used to store Nintendo WII optical media.

wiki-file-extension
wiki-file-description Wiki markup source code file
wiki-file-description Files with wiki file extension are source files written in the Wiki Markup language.

wil-file-extension
wil-file-description WinImage data
wil-file-description A wil file extension is related to the WinImage and used for its data files.

wild-file-extension
wild-file-description HyperCard file
wild-file-description Files with wild extension are used by Hypercard program for Mac. There is no more information about this file type.

will-file-extension
will-file-description WILL file format
will-file-description A will file extension is related to the WILL (Wacom Ink Layer Language) a document format used to exchange ink content between apps and devices.

wim-file-extension
wim-file-description Windows Imaging Format archive
wim-file-description A wim file extension is related to the Windows Imaging Format (archive format) used for installation of Microsoft Windows operating system.

wimp-file-extension
wimp-file-description Microsoft Windows icon palette
wimp-file-description A wimp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows icon palette file format.

win-file-extension
win-file-description Microsoft Windows 95/98 backup
win-file-description Files with win file extension are in most cases system backups from older versions of Windows OS, typically 95/98.

win32-file-extension
win32-file-description GetDiz data
win32-file-description A win32 file extension is associated with the GetDiz text editing tool.

win32manifest-file-extension
win32manifest-file-description Microsoft Win32 manifest file
win32manifest-file-description Files with win32manifest extension are used by some Microsoft Windows OS applications. These files are stored in XML text file format.

wince-file-extension
wince-file-description Microsoft Windows CE program executable
wince-file-description A wince file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows CE and PalmOS. A wince file contains program executable.

winclone-file-extension
winclone-file-description Winclone disk image
winclone-file-description A winclone file extension is related to the Winclone utility for Mac and used for its disk images.

windows10-file-extension
windows10-file-description Shade ransomware affected data
windows10-file-description Files with windows10 file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by variant of the Shade ransomware.

windowslivecontact-file-extension
windowslivecontact-file-description Microsoft Live Messenger data
windowslivecontact-file-description A windowslivecontact file extension is related to the Microsoft Live Messenger an instant messaging client for Microsoft Windows. A windowslivecontact file stores encrypted contact personal data.

windowslivegroup-file-extension
windowslivegroup-file-description Windows Live Mail data
windowslivegroup-file-description A windowslivegroup file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Live Mail. A windowslivegroup file contains data.

windowslivesynclibrary-file-extension
windowslivesynclibrary-file-description Microsoft Windows Live Sync library file
windowslivesynclibrary-file-description The windowslivesynclibrary file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Live Sync and used for its library files.

windowslivesyncoverlaychanged-file-extension
windowslivesyncoverlaychanged-file-description Microsoft Windows Live Sync file
windowslivesyncoverlaychanged-file-description A windowslivesyncoverlaychanged file extension is related to the obsolete software called Live Sync.

windowslivesyncoverlaydeleted-file-extension
windowslivesyncoverlaydeleted-file-description Windows Live Sync overlay deleted icon
windowslivesyncoverlaydeleted-file-description A windowslivesyncoverlaydeleted file extension is related to the Windows Live Sync overlay deleted icon format.

windsproskin-file-extension
windsproskin-file-description WinDS skin
windsproskin-file-description A windsproskin file suffix is used for skin files used by WinDS emulator of Nintendo DS console.

wings-file-extension
wings-file-description Wings 3D data
wings-file-description A wings file extension is related to the Wings 3D software for Microsoft Windows.

winmd-file-extension
winmd-file-description Windows Runtime Metadata output data
winmd-file-description Files with winmd file extension can be found as metadata output files generated by the /winmd linker option in Visual Studio.

winmerge-file-extension
winmerge-file-description WinMerge data
winmerge-file-description A winmerge file extension is related to the WinMerge software.

wip-file-extension
wip-file-description CyberScrub Privacy Suite wipe file
wip-file-description Files with wip extension can be found as some kind of wipe files from CyberScrub Privacy Suite.

wipeinfo-file-extension
wipeinfo-file-description Norton Utilities Sendto file
wipeinfo-file-description Detailed description

wipeslack-file-extension
wipeslack-file-description Norton Utilities Sendto file
wipeslack-file-description Files with WIPESLACK extension might be found as part of older version of Norton Utilities. Sendto file.

wiq-file-extension
wiq-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio work item query data
wiq-file-description A wiq file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio a development tool. A wiq file stores work item query data.

wir-file-extension
wir-file-description MENTOR Expedition Tool data
wir-file-description A wir file extension is related to the MENTOR Expedition Tool and used for its data files.

wire-file-extension
wire-file-description Wavefront wireframe
wire-file-description A wire file extension is related to the Alias (Wavefront) software from Autodesk. A wire file contains wireframe created with Wavefront.

wis-file-extension
wis-file-description InstallShield install help file
wis-file-description Files with wis extension are used for InstallShield software. They include install help instructions for InstallShield program.

wit-file-extension
wit-file-description Web Idea Tree project
wit-file-description Files with wit extension are used for the Web Idea Tree and used for its project files.

wix-file-extension
wix-file-description Xara internal graphics data
wix-file-description A wix file extension is related to the Xara, a photo editing programs. A wix file contains internal graphics data.

wixlib-file-extension
wixlib-file-description WiX library
wixlib-file-description A wixlib file extension is related to the WiX (Windows Installer XML) and used for its library files.

wixmsp-file-extension
wixmsp-file-description WiX XML patch data
wixmsp-file-description A wixmsp file extension is related to the WiX (Windows Installer XML). A wixmsp file contains patch data.

wixmst-file-extension
wixmst-file-description WiX transform data
wixmst-file-description A wixmst file extension is related to the Wix (Windows Installer XML), a toolset used to create Windows installation packages. A wixmst file stores XML representation of the difference between a pair of final outputs or XML outputs.

wixobj-file-extension
wixobj-file-description WiX object
wixobj-file-description Files with wixobj extension are used by the WiX software. They are used as some various data files.

wixout-file-extension
wixout-file-description WiX XML output file
wixout-file-description Detailed description

wixpdb-file-extension
wixpdb-file-description WiX debug information
wixpdb-file-description Files with wixpdb file extension can be usually found as debug files generated by WiX (Windows Installer XML).

wixproj-file-extension
wixproj-file-description WiX Windows Installer XML project file
wixproj-file-description Files with wixproj extension are used by the WiX Windows Installer software. They contain installation project data.

wiz-file-extension
wiz-file-description Microsoft Office wizard data
wiz-file-description Files with wiz file extension can be mainly found as wizards from Microsoft Office software. Used to guide user through some settings process.

wizhtml-file-extension
wizhtml-file-description Microsoft Access HTML template file
wizhtml-file-description The WIZHTML file extension is used for Microsoft Access HTML template files.

wj-file-extension
wj-file-description FIFA 2000 game data
wj-file-description A wj file extension is related to the FIFA 2000 computer game. A wj file stores game data.

wj3-file-extension
wj3-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 worksheet
wj3-file-description Files with wj3 file extension are related to the Lotus 1-2-3 worksheet format.

wje-file-extension
wje-file-description WinJournal entry data
wje-file-description A wje file extension is related to the WinJournal and used for its journal entry data.

wjf-file-extension
wjf-file-description WinZip job file
wjf-file-description Files with wjf extension are used for WinZip program. It may contain some system backup data.

wjr-file-extension
wjr-file-description ReGet Deluxe data
wjr-file-description A wjr file extension is associated with the ReGet Deluxe. A wjr file contains data.

wk%21-file-extension
wk%21-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet
wk%21-file-description A wk! file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet editing software. A wk! file stores spreadsheet.

wk1-file-extension
wk1-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 version 2.x spreadsheet
wk1-file-description Files with wk1 file extension are spreadsheets saved in old Lotus 1-2-3 office program. These files were used in version 2.X.

wk2-file-extension
wk2-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 version 2 spreadsheet
wk2-file-description A wk2 file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3, a spreadsheet editor. A wk2 file contains spreadsheet.

wk3-file-extension
wk3-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 version 3.x spreadsheet
wk3-file-description A wk3 file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3, a spreadsheet document editor developed by IBM. A wk3 file contains spreadsheet created in the Lotus 1-2-3.

wk4-file-extension
wk4-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 version 4.x spreadsheet
wk4-file-description A wk4 file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet editing software, developed by IBM. A wk4 file stores spreadsheet document.

wk5-file-extension
wk5-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 version 5 spreadsheet file
wk5-file-description Files with wk5 extension are used by Lotus 1-2-3 program as a spreadsheet files.

wkb-file-extension
wkb-file-description Corel WordPerfect document (old)
wkb-file-description Files with wkb extension can be occasionally found as old document files from Corel WordPerfect software.

wke-file-extension
wke-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 Educational version spreadsheet
wke-file-description A wke file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3 a spreadsheet editing tool. A wke file stores spreadsheet.

wkf-file-extension
wkf-file-description KF Web Server default control
wkf-file-description A wkf file extension is related to the KF Web Server and used for its default control files.

wki-file-extension
wki-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 version 2 spreadsheet file
wki-file-description Files with wki extension are used by Lotus 1-2-3 program. They are used as a spreadsheet files.

wkl-file-extension
wkl-file-description Wolters Kluwer launch document
wkl-file-description The wkl file extension is related to the Wolters Kluwer launch document file format.

wkm-file-extension
wkm-file-description Unknown file extension
wkm-file-description Files with wkm file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wkp-file-extension
wkp-file-description Web CEO database backup
wkp-file-description A wkp file extension is related to the Web CEO software and used for its database backups.

wkq-file-extension
wkq-file-description Corel Quattro Pro for MS-DOS spreadsheet
wkq-file-description A wkq file extension is related to the Corel Quattro Pro, a spreadsheet editing tool. A wkq file stores spreadsheet.

wks-file-extension
wks-file-description Microsoft Works spreadsheet document
wks-file-description A wks file extension is related to the Microsoft Works office suite for Microsoft Windows, MS-DOS and Mac OS. A wks file stores spreadsheet created in Microsoft Works.

wksp-file-extension
wksp-file-description Workspace Macro Pro data
wksp-file-description A wksp file extension is associated with the Workspace Macro Pro application.

wkt-file-extension
wkt-file-description Garmin training schedule data
wkt-file-description A wkt file extension is related to Garmin Training Center and used for its training schedule files.

wku-file-extension
wku-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet
wku-file-description A wku file extension is related to the Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet program. A wku file contains spreadsheet.

wky-file-extension
wky-file-description WinKeySim MFC application
wky-file-description A wky file extension is related to the WinKeySim MFC application file format.

wkz-file-extension
wkz-file-description Wingz spreadsheet
wkz-file-description A wkz file extension is related to the Wingz a spreadsheet software developed by the Informix. A wkz file contains saved spreadsheet.

wk_-file-extension
wk_-file-description Unknown file extension
wk_-file-description Files with wk_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wl-file-extension
wl-file-description WISCO Word Power word lists and definitions data
wl-file-description A wl file extension is related to the WISCO Word Power tool. A wl file contains word lists and definitions data.

wl1-file-extension
wl1-file-description Wolfenstein 3D shareware version game resources
wl1-file-description A wl1 file extension is associated with the Wolfenstein 3D, a legendary first person shooter from World War 2. A wl1 file stores game resource data for shareware version of Wolf 3D.

wl2-file-extension
wl2-file-description Well Logger document
wl2-file-description Files with wl2 file extension is related to the Well Logger and used for its documents.

wl3-file-extension
wl3-file-description Wolfenstein 3D registered version game data
wl3-file-description A wl3 file extension is related to the Wolfenstein 3D video game. A wl3 file stores first three game episodes.

wl6-file-extension
wl6-file-description Wolfenstein 3D registered version game resources
wl6-file-description A wl6 file extension is associated with the Wolfenstein 3D, a legendary first person shooter from World War 2. A wl6 file stores game resource data for registered version of Wolf 3D.

wlb-file-extension
wlb-file-description WinLabel label data
wlb-file-description A wlb file extension is related to the WinLabel labeling software and used for its label documents.

wlc-file-extension
wlc-file-description WISCO Word Power word lists and definitions
wlc-file-description Files with wlc extension are associated with Word Power vocabulary teaching software.

wlcshrtctv2-file-extension
wlcshrtctv2-file-description Windows Live Call data
wlcshrtctv2-file-description A wlcshrtctv2 file extension is related to the Windows Live Call software for Microsoft Windows.

wld-file-extension
wld-file-description Settlers II map
wld-file-description A wld file extension is related to the Settlers II strategic computer game. A wld file stores game map.

wlf-file-extension
wlf-file-description Microsoft Windows 98/Me Dr. Watson log
wlf-file-description A wlf file extension is associated with the Dr. Watson, an application from Microsoft Windows operating system.

wlg-file-extension
wlg-file-description Well Logger v1 data
wlg-file-description A wlg file extension is associated with the Well Logger and used for its data files.

wli-file-extension
wli-file-description WL intermediate data
wli-file-description Files with wli file extension are related to the WL intermediate data format.

wlk-file-extension
wlk-file-description Weatherlink data
wlk-file-description A wlk file extension is related to the WeatherlinkIP software. A wlk file stores data.

wll-file-extension
wll-file-description Microsoft Word add-in
wll-file-description A wll file extension is related to the Microsoft Word, a word processor for Microsoft Windows and other platforms. A wll file contains add-in.

wlm-file-extension
wlm-file-description HP-UX Workload Manager configuration data
wlm-file-description Files with wlm file extension can be found on HP-UX platform as configuration files from Workload Manager.

wlp-file-extension
wlp-file-description Worldlabel.com Label Designer data
wlp-file-description A wlp file extension is related to the Worldlabel.Com Label Designer data format.

wlpginstall-file-extension
wlpginstall-file-description Possible Malware data
wlpginstall-file-description A wlpginstall file extension is related to some kind of computer malware.

wlpginstall3-file-extension
wlpginstall3-file-description Windows Live Photo Gallery data
wlpginstall3-file-description A wlpginstall3 file extension is related to the Windows Live Photo Gallery.

wlpk-file-extension
wlpk-file-description Renault R-Link update package
wlpk-file-description Files with wlpk file extension are related to the R-Link, multimedia interface from Renault. A wlpk file contains update package.

wlr-file-extension
wlr-file-description Virtual Reality Modelling Language for WWW documents
wlr-file-description A wlr file extension is associated with the Virtual Reality Modeling Language for WWW documents.

wls-file-extension
wls-file-description 602Tab spreadsheet
wls-file-description A wls file extension is related to the 602Tab spreadsheet editor. A wls file contains spreadsheet document.

wlt-file-extension
wlt-file-description WaveL Wavelet compressed graphic
wlt-file-description A wlt file extension is related to the WaveL Wavelet compressed graphic file format.

wlua-file-extension
wlua-file-description SciTE data
wlua-file-description A wlua file extension is related to the SciTE source code editor.

wlvs-file-extension
wlvs-file-description Movie Maker profile
wlvs-file-description A wlvs file extension is related to the Microsoft Movie Maker, a video editing program. A wlvs file contains profile.

wlx-file-extension
wlx-file-description FileMaker Pro plug-in
wlx-file-description A wlx file extension is related to the FileMaker Pro and used for its plug-in files.

wlx64-file-extension
wlx64-file-description Unknown file extension
wlx64-file-description Files with wlx64 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wlxml-file-extension
wlxml-file-description Unknown file
wlxml-file-description May be some kind of document written in simple text XML format.

wlz-file-extension
wlz-file-description WinImage data
wlz-file-description A wlz file extension is related to the WinImage and used for its data files.

wm-file-extension
wm-file-description Windows Media audio or video data
wm-file-description Files with wm extension can be most often found as multimedia files from Windows operating system. Can be either video or audio.

wm2-file-extension
wm2-file-description Working Model 2D model data
wm2-file-description Files with wm2 file extension are related to the Working Model 2D model data format.

wm2d-file-extension
wm2d-file-description Working Model 2D data
wm2d-file-description A wm2d file extension is related to the Working Model and used for its 2D data.

wm3-file-extension
wm3-file-description VisualNastran movie file
wm3-file-description Files with wm3 extension are used for VisualNastran application. They contain some generated movies.

wmb-file-extension
wmb-file-description 3D GameStudio map entity
wmb-file-description A wmb file extension is related to the 3D GameStudio and used for its map entity files.

wmb2-file-extension
wmb2-file-description Static Windows Mail Backup archive
wmb2-file-description A wmb2 file extension is related to the Static Windows Mail Backup software. A wmb2 file contains backup archive.

wmc-file-extension
wmc-file-description MathCAD backup of startup data
wmc-file-description A wmc file extension is related to the MathCAD software. A wmc file contains backup of startup data.

wmd-file-extension
wmd-file-description Windows Media Player Download Package
wmd-file-description A wmd file extension is associated with the Windows Media Player, a multimedia playback software for Windows. A wmd file contains download package with another content like skin, multimedia etc.

wmdb-file-extension
wmdb-file-description Windows Media Player database
wmdb-file-description A wmdb file extension is associated with the Windows Media Player, a multimedia playback tool. A wmdb file contains database for digital media library.

wme-file-extension
wme-file-description Microsoft Windows Media Encoder session data
wme-file-description Files with wme file extension are used for the Microsoft Windows Media Encoder. They include session profile files.

wmg-file-extension
wmg-file-description SecureDoc encrypted hard drive control data
wmg-file-description A wmg file extension is related to the SecureDoc, encryption program. A wmg file contains encrypted control data.

wmga-file-extension
wmga-file-description Web Manga comics document file
wmga-file-description Detailed description

wmi-file-extension
wmi-file-description WorldMate itinerary data file
wmi-file-description Files with wmi extension are used for programs developed by WorldMate, they contain data.

wmk-file-extension
wmk-file-description WebMake documentation source
wmk-file-description A wmk file extension is related to the WebMake and used for its documentation source files.

wml-file-extension
wml-file-description Wireless Markup Language document (WAP)
wml-file-description A wml file extension is related to the Internet document written and optimized in the Wireless Markup Language (WAP).

wmlc-file-extension
wmlc-file-description Wireless Markup Language bytecode document (WAP)
wmlc-file-description A wmlc file extension is related to files formatted in the Wireless Markup Language. Used on mobile devices.

wmls-file-extension
wmls-file-description Wireless Markup Language script (WAP)
wmls-file-description A wmls file extension is associated with the Wireless Markup Language and used for its script files.

wmlsc-file-extension
wmlsc-file-description Wireless Markup Language (WAP) bytecode script
wmlsc-file-description A wmlsc file extension is associated with the Wireless Markup Language (WAP) bytecode script format. Probably obsolete.

wmmp-file-extension
wmmp-file-description Windows Movie Maker project
wmmp-file-description A wmmp file extension is associated with the Windows Movie Maker included in Windows ME and Windows XP. A wmmp file contains project.

wmn-file-extension
wmn-file-description DART Pro 98 playlist
wmn-file-description A wmn file extension is related to DART Pro 98, an audio software for Microsoft Windows.

wmo-file-extension
wmo-file-description WMO binary format
wmo-file-description A wmo file extension is related to the WMO (World Meteorological Organization) binary file format.

wmp-file-extension
wmp-file-description Microsoft Windows Media HD photo
wmp-file-description A wmp file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Media HD photo format, a file format for continuous-tone still images that surpasses the limitations of existing image formats.

wmr-file-extension
wmr-file-description Windows Media Recorder data
wmr-file-description A wmr file extension is related to the WM Recorder and used for its data files.

wms-file-extension
wms-file-description Windows Media Player skin
wms-file-description A wms file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Media Player, a multimedia playback software. A wms file stores skin definition data.

wmt-file-extension
wmt-file-description WinMount data
wmt-file-description A wmt file extension is related to the WinMount and used for its private files.

wmu-file-extension
wmu-file-description WIND Tunnel WIND data
wmu-file-description A wmu file extension is related to the WIND Tunnel and used for its wind data.

wmv3-file-extension
wmv3-file-description Video data
wmv3-file-description Files with wmv3 file extension can be found as renamed Windows Media VMV videos.

wmw-file-extension
wmw-file-description Likno Web Modal Windows Builder data
wmw-file-description A wmw file extension is related to the Likno Web Modal Windows Builder software.

wmx-file-extension
wmx-file-description Windows Media Redirector
wmx-file-description A wmx file extension is associated with the Windows Media Redirector.

wmz-file-extension
wmz-file-description Windows Media Player compressed skin
wmz-file-description A wmz file extension is mainly related to Windows Media Player multimedia playback application installed in Microsoft Windows OS. These wmz files stores skin for WMP in compressed file format.

wm_-file-extension
wm_-file-description Unknown file extension
wm_-file-description Files with wm_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wn-file-extension
wn-file-description NeXT WriteNow text document
wn-file-description A wn file extension is related to the WriteNow word processor app. A wn file stores text document.

wna-file-extension
wna-file-description WIND Tunnel assignment data
wna-file-description A wna file extension is related to the WIND Tunnel assignment data format.

wncry-file-extension
wncry-file-description Wana Decrypt0r 2.0 ransomware affected data
wncry-file-description Files with wncry file extension are encrypted and renamed files that were affected by the infamous Wana Decrypt0r 2.0 ransomware.

wnd-file-extension
wnd-file-description SWAT wind speed input data
wnd-file-description A wnd file extension is related to the SWAT (Soil & Water Assessment Tool) and used for its wind speed input data.

wnf-file-extension
wnf-file-description CorelDRAW outline font description file
wnf-file-description Detailed description

wni-file-extension
wni-file-description Wisco RC21 Manager virtual COM port settings
wni-file-description A wni file extension is related to the Wisco RC21 Manager and used for its virtual COM port settings files.

wnk-file-extension
wnk-file-description Three Degrees screen capture
wnk-file-description A wnk file extension is related to the Three Degrees screen capture format.

wns-file-extension
wns-file-description Printshop newsletter
wns-file-description A wns file extension is related to the Printshop and used for its newsletter files.

wnt-file-extension
wnt-file-description Soldier of Fortune II waypoint
wnt-file-description Files with wnt file extension are related to the Soldier of Fortune II video game from Raven Software.

wnu-file-extension
wnu-file-description WIND Tunnel UMTS measurement data
wnu-file-description A wnu file extension is related to the WIND Tunnel and used for its measurement data.

wnv-file-extension
wnv-file-description Grand Theft Auto IV NavMesh data
wnv-file-description A wnv file extension is related to the Grand Theft Auto IV video game. A wnv file stores NavMesh data.

wo-file-extension
wo-file-description DataFlex web object
wo-file-description A wo file extension is related to the DataFlex software and used for its web objects.

wo2-file-extension
wo2-file-description Gothic II game data
wo2-file-description A wo2 file extension is related to the Gothic 2 and used for its game data files.

woa-file-extension
woa-file-description Windows 3.x swap file
woa-file-description A woa file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows 3.x a 16-bit operating system. A woa file contains swap data.

wob-file-extension
wob-file-description RIO Designer object
wob-file-description A wob file extension is related to the RIO Designer and used for its object files.

woc-file-extension
woc-file-description Windows OrgChart organization data
woc-file-description A woc file extension is related to the Windows OrgChart program. A woc file contains organization data.

wock-file-extension
wock-file-description Route 66 for Mac file
wock-file-description Detailed description

wod-file-extension
wod-file-description Apple WebObjects web application method
wod-file-description A wod file extension is related to the Apple WebObjects and used for its web application method files.

wof-file-extension
wof-file-description AVEVA Multi-Discipline Supports data
wof-file-description Files with wof file extension are associated with the AVEVA MDS witch hanger data format.

woff2-file-extension
woff2-file-description Web Open Font Format 2.0 package
woff2-file-description Files with woff2 file extension can be usually be found as font packages saved in the Web Open Font Format.

wog-file-extension
wog-file-description WAsP obstacle group file
wog-file-description Files with wog extension are used by the WAsP software. They contain program's data.

wolf-file-extension
wolf-file-description WOLF document
wolf-file-description Files with wolf extension may be found as special digital publications for the Hanlin e-book reading device. Very rare format.

wolfquest-file-extension
wolfquest-file-description WolfQuest saved game
wolfquest-file-description A wolfquest file extension is related to the WolfQuest computer game. A .wolfquest file stores saved game position.

woo-file-extension
woo-file-description Apple WebObjects data
woo-file-description A woo file extension is related to the Apple WebObjects a web application server from Apple, Inc.

wop-file-extension
wop-file-description Wonderland Adventures object preset
wop-file-description A wop file extension is related to the Wonderland Adventures and used for its object preset files.

wor-file-extension
wor-file-description MapInfo workspace
wor-file-description A wor file extension is related to the MapInfo software. A wor file contains workspace.

word-file-extension
word-file-description MacWrite document
word-file-description Files with word file extension can be mainly found as very old text documents made in MacWrite that was available in 90s.

wordlist-file-extension
wordlist-file-description Desktop Poet word list
wordlist-file-description A wordlist file extension is related to the Desktop Poet and used for its word list files.

work-file-extension
work-file-description Mach-O Framework data
work-file-description A work file extension is related to the Mach-O Framework data format used by macOS and iOS systems.

workflow-file-extension
workflow-file-description Apple Automator data
workflow-file-description A file extension workflow is related to the Automator included in maCOS operaitng system. A workflow file stores data.

workspace-file-extension
workspace-file-description Adobe applications workspace setting
workspace-file-description A workspace file suffix is related to the Adobe applications. A workspace file stores information about the position of every onscreen element in such application.

world-file-extension
world-file-description WorldPainter Minecraft map
world-file-description A world file extension is related to the WorldPainter Minecraft map file format.

worldofgoosavedgame-file-extension
worldofgoosavedgame-file-description World of Goo saved game
worldofgoosavedgame-file-description The worldofgoosavedgame file extension is related to the World of Goo video game.

wos-file-extension
wos-file-description Words of Worship output settings file
wos-file-description Files with wos extension are associated with Words of Worship computer game. They include saved output data.

wot-file-extension
wot-file-description Web Of Trust file
wot-file-description Files with wot extension are associated with Web of Trust.

wotbreplay-file-extension
wotbreplay-file-description World of Tanks Blitz replay
wotbreplay-file-description Files with wotbreplay extension can be found as game replays from World of Tanks Blitz mobile tank shooter game.

wotmod-file-extension
wotmod-file-description World of Tanks modification
wotmod-file-description A wotmod file extension is related to the World of Tanks, a multiplayer action computer game for various platforms. A wotmod file stores modification, which adds new features to this game.

wov-file-extension
wov-file-description Cakewalk SONAR cache clip
wov-file-description Files with wov file extension might be found as some sort of cached video format used by Cakewalk SONAR program. Temporary file.

wow-file-extension
wow-file-description Grave Composer module
wow-file-description A wow file extension is related to the Grave Composer module format.

wowpreport-file-extension
wowpreport-file-description World of Warplanes report
wowpreport-file-description A wowpreport file extension is related to the World of Warplanes computer game. A .wowpreport file stores report data.

wowproj-file-extension
wowproj-file-description AddOn Studio for World of Warcraft project
wowproj-file-description Files with wowproj file extension can be found as projects from AddOn Studio for World of Warcraft.

wowsl-file-extension
wowsl-file-description WOW Slider plugin
wowsl-file-description A wowsl file extension is related to the WOW Slider and used for its plug-in files.

wowsreplay-file-extension
wowsreplay-file-description World of Warships replay
wowsreplay-file-description Files with wowsreplay extension saved game replays from World of Warships video game.

wp-file-extension
wp-file-description WordPerfect document
wp-file-description A wp file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect, a word processor for Microsoft Windows. A wp file stores document.

wp-admin-file-extension
wp-admin-file-description WordPress directory name
wp-admin-file-description A folder named wp-admin is related to WordPress CMS and blogging system.

wp-content-file-extension
wp-content-file-description WordPress content folder
wp-content-file-description A wp-content file extension does not exist. Folder named WP-CONTENT uses WordPress CMS.

wp1-file-extension
wp1-file-description MODAWEC output data
wp1-file-description A wp1 file extension is related to the MOnthly to DAily WEather Convertor (MODAWEC). A wp1 file stores output data.

wp2-file-extension
wp2-file-description Winplot file
wp2-file-description Files with wp2 extension are used for the Winplot utility.

wp3-file-extension
wp3-file-description Microsoft Photo Story project
wp3-file-description Files with wp3 file extension can be mostly found as projects made and saved using Microsoft Photo Story.

wp4-file-extension
wp4-file-description Corel WordPerfect 4 document
wp4-file-description Files with wp4 file extension are documents created and saved using Corel WordPerfect 4 program.

wp5-file-extension
wp5-file-description WordPerfect 5 document
wp5-file-description Files with wp5 file extension are generally documents created in Corel WordPerfect 5 word processor.

wp50-file-extension
wp50-file-description Corel WordPerfect 5 for Mac document file
wp50-file-description Detailed description

wp6-file-extension
wp6-file-description Corel WordPerfect 6 document
wp6-file-description A wp6 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect version 6, a word processor for various platforms. A wp6 file contains document.

wp7-file-extension
wp7-file-description WordPerfect 7 document
wp7-file-description Files with wp7 file extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They are used as document files.

wp%3F-file-extension
wp%3F-file-description Corel WordPerfect document
wp%3F-file-description A wp? file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its document files.

wpa-file-extension
wpa-file-description ACT! word processor document
wpa-file-description A wpa file extension is related to the ACT! and used for its document files created in word processor.

wpb-file-extension
wpb-file-description Windows Phone Device Manager backup file
wpb-file-description Files with wpb extension are used by the Windows Phone Device Manager program.

wpc-file-extension
wpc-file-description Microsoft Word and Write Windows 95 WordPad file converter data
wpc-file-description A wpc file extension is related to Microsoft Word and WordPad applications. Some sort of conversion format that allowed document transfer between the programs.

wpc2-file-extension
wpc2-file-description Corel WordPerfect 2/3 for Mac document file
wpc2-file-description Files with wpc2 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect program. They are known as document files.

wpd0-file-extension
wpd0-file-description Corel WordPerfect 1 for Mac document
wpd0-file-description Files with wpd0 file extension can be found as old documents from Corel WordPerfect 1 for Mac.

wpd1-file-extension
wpd1-file-description Corel WordPerfect 1 for Mac document
wpd1-file-description A wpd1 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect 1 for Mac, a word processor. A wpd1 file contains document. Probably obsolete format.

wpd2-file-extension
wpd2-file-description Corel WordPerfect 2 for Mac document file
wpd2-file-description Files with wpd2 extension are used by Corel WordPerfect as a document file format.

wpd3-file-extension
wpd3-file-description Corel WordPerfect 3 for Mac document file
wpd3-file-description Detailed description

wpe-file-extension
wpe-file-description openCanvas record
wpe-file-description A wpe file extension is related to the drawing software called openCanvas.

wpf-file-extension
wpf-file-description Corel WordPerfect form
wpf-file-description Files with wpf file extension can be typically found as forms created and saved using Corel WordPerfect word processing tool.

wpg-file-extension
wpg-file-description Corel WordPerfect graphic data
wpg-file-description A wpg file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect a word processing tool for Windows. A wpg file contains graphics data.

wpg2-file-extension
wpg2-file-description Corel WordPerfect image
wpg2-file-description A wpg2 file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect, a word processor. A wpg2 file stores picture image.

wph-file-extension
wph-file-description WAsP project
wph-file-description A wph file extension is related to the WAsP, a program for wind resource assessment. A wph file stores project.

wpi-file-extension
wpi-file-description WCPUID plug-in
wpi-file-description A wpi file extension is related to the WCPUID and used for its plug-in files.

wpj-file-extension
wpj-file-description Watcom C/C++ project
wpj-file-description A wpj file extension is related to the Watcom C/C++ software. A wpj file contains project.

wpk-file-extension
wpk-file-description Corel WordPerfect macro
wpk-file-description A wpk file extension is related to the Corel WordPerfect and used for its macro files.

wpm-file-extension
wpm-file-description Corel WordPerfect macro file
wpm-file-description Files with wpm extension are used for Corel WordPerfect application. They include recorded and used macros by WordPerfect.

wpn-file-extension
wpn-file-description Schedule24 schedule
wpn-file-description Files with wpn file extension an mostly be found as schedules from Schedule24 Professional software.

wpo-file-extension
wpo-file-description Holux MapShow data
wpo-file-description A wpo file extension is related to the Holux MapShow software. A wpo file stores data.

wpost-file-extension
wpost-file-description Microsoft Windows Live Writer post data
wpost-file-description A wpost file extension  is related to Microsoft Windows Live Writer a tool for creating blog articles. A wpost file stores blog post.

wpostx-file-extension
wpostx-file-description Microsoft Windows Live Writer post
wpostx-file-description A wpostx file extension is used for Microsoft Windows Live Writer post files. The program is part of Windows Essentials.

wpp-file-extension
wpp-file-description Corel WordPerfect color palette
wpp-file-description Files with wpp extension are related to the Corel WordPerfect a word processing tool. A wpp file stores color palette.

wpr-file-extension
wpr-file-description Apple Logic Studio WaveBurner plug-in preset
wpr-file-description A wpr file extension is related to the WaveBurner from Apple Logic Studio. A wpr file stores plug-in preset.

wprd-file-extension
wprd-file-description Microsoft Word for Mac print file
wprd-file-description Detailed description

wprj-file-extension
wprj-file-description WebZIP project
wprj-file-description A wprj file extension is related to the WebZIP software for Microsoft Windows. A wprj file stores project.

wproj-file-extension
wproj-file-description Wwise project
wproj-file-description Files with wproj extension are used by the Wwise audio pipeline solution program.

wpso-file-extension
wpso-file-description WPS Writer outward document
wpso-file-description A wpso file extension is associated with the WPS Writer word processor. A wpso file stores outward document.

wpss-file-extension
wpss-file-description IBM WebSphere Server settings
wpss-file-description A wpss file extension is associated with the IBM WebSphere Server and used for its settings.

wpstore-file-extension
wpstore-file-description Unknown file extension
wpstore-file-description Files with wpstore file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wpsx-file-extension
wpsx-file-description WPS Writer document
wpsx-file-description A wpsx file extension is related to the WPS Writer, a word processor. A wpsx file stores document.

wpt-file-extension
wpt-file-description Corel WordPerfect document template
wpt-file-description Files with wpt extension can be mainly found as document templates from Corel WordPerfect word processing software.

wptx-file-extension
wptx-file-description WPS Writer template
wptx-file-description A wptx file extension is related to the WPS Writer from WPS Office. A wptx file contains template.

wpw-file-extension
wpw-file-description Corel WordPerfect document
wpw-file-description Files with wpw file extension may be found as one of the older documents made using the Corel WordPerfect software. Replaced by the WPD format in latest version.

wpx-file-extension
wpx-file-description Adobe printer description
wpx-file-description A wpx file extension is related to the Adobe printer description format.

wpz-file-extension
wpz-file-description WinAmp SkinZip file
wpz-file-description Files with wpz extension are used by the Winamp program. They contain zipped customized skins data.

wp_-file-extension
wp_-file-description Unknown file extension
wp_-file-description Files with wp_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wq%21-file-extension
wq%21-file-description Corel Quattro Pro compressed spreadsheet
wq%21-file-description A wq! file extension is related to the Corel Quattro Pro, a spreadsheet editor. A wq! file contains compressed spreadsheet.

wq0-file-extension
wq0-file-description Corel Quattro Pro for MS-DOS spreadsheet
wq0-file-description Files with wq0 file extension are used by the Quattro Pro for DOS. They store spreadsheets data.

wq1-file-extension
wq1-file-description Quattro Pro for MS-DOS spreadsheet
wq1-file-description Files with wq1 file extension can be found as spreadsheets from older MS-DOS version of Corel Quattro Pro.

wq2-file-extension
wq2-file-description Corel Quattro Pro for MS-DOS spreadsheet
wq2-file-description A wq2 file extension is related to the Corel Quattro Pro, a spreadsheet editing tool. A wq2 file stores spreadsheet.

wqc-file-extension
wqc-file-description QuizCreator data file
wqc-file-description A wqc file extension is related to the QuizCreator software from Wondershare.

wql-file-extension
wql-file-description Microsoft Office data
wql-file-description A wql file extension is related to the Microsoft Office and used for its data files.

wr%21-file-extension
wr%21-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet (compressed)
wr%21-file-description Files with wr! suffix can be typically found as very old spreadsheets from the Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet editing tool.

wr1-file-extension
wr1-file-description Lotus Symphony spreadsheet
wr1-file-description Files with wr1 extension may be found as old spreadsheets made using the Lotus Symphony software (the old, not the new one).

wr3-file-extension
wr3-file-description Wraptor compressed data
wr3-file-description A wr3 file extension is related to the Wraptor compression tool for Commodore computers.

wra-file-extension
wra-file-description Wraptor compressed archive
wra-file-description A wra file extension is associated with the Wraptor compressed archive format.

wrap-file-extension
wrap-file-description ShrinkWrap MAC data
wrap-file-description A wrap file extension is related to the ShrinkWrap, a disk management software. A wrap file contains some kind of data.

wrapper-file-extension
wrapper-file-description Gnome Desktop data
wrapper-file-description A .wrapper file extension is related to the Gnome Desktop, a GUI for Linux an Unix systems. A wrapper file contains data.

wrc-file-extension
wrc-file-description FreeArc archive file
wrc-file-description Files with wrc suffix can be mainly found as archives compressed by the FreeArc utility.

wrd-file-extension
wrd-file-description WebResearch data
wrd-file-description A wrd file extension is related to the WebResearch a tool for Microsoft Windows.

wrf-file-extension
wrf-file-description ThinkFree Write document
wrf-file-description Files with wrf extension can be also found as documents made using ThinkFree Write word processor distributed as part of ThinkFree Office suite.

wrg-file-extension
wrg-file-description WAsP resource grid data
wrg-file-description A wrg file extension is related to the WAsP resource grid file format that is used to store coordinates, height above ground level and others.

writer-file-extension
writer-file-description Firefox data
writer-file-description A writer file extension is related to the Firefox a web browsing tool.

wrk-file-extension
wrk-file-description Cakewalk music project
wrk-file-description Files with wrk suffix can be most often found as older projects from Cakewalk Sonar software. Music production project.

wrl-file-extension
wrl-file-description VRML Worlds 3D graphics
wrl-file-description Files with wrl file extension can be primarily found as 3D content based on the VRML (Virtual Reality Modeling Language) that is  used for representing 3-dimensional (3D) interactive vector graphics, designed particularly with the World Wide Web in mind.

wrlk-file-extension
wrlk-file-description Web Research document link file
wrlk-file-description The WRLK file extension is used for Web Research document link files.

wrm-file-extension
wrm-file-description WinRAdiO memory data
wrm-file-description A wrm file extension is related to the WinRAdiO memory files.

wrn-file-extension
wrn-file-description Eclipse data
wrn-file-description A wrn file extension is related to the Eclipse IDE and used for its data files.

wrp-file-extension
wrp-file-description Geomagic 3D wrap
wrp-file-description A wrp file extension is related to the 3D modeling format used by the Geomagic QUALIFY.

wrpl-file-extension
wrpl-file-description War Thunder replay
wrpl-file-description Files with wrpl extension are commonly used for game replay files from the War Thunder multiplayer combat video game.

wrpl.wgf-file-extension
wrpl.wgf-file-description Widelands initial saved game
wrpl.wgf-file-description A wrpl.wgf file extension is related to the Widelands, a real time strategic computer game. A wrpl.wgf file contains saved game progress.

wrr-file-extension
wrr-file-description WAsP roughness rose data
wrr-file-description A wrr file extension is related to the WAsP and used for its roughness rose files.

wrs-file-extension
wrs-file-description Corel WordPerfect windows printer driver
wrs-file-description Files with wrs file extension might be found as printer drivers from Corel WordPerfect word processing program.

wrt-file-extension
wrt-file-description IBM Writing Assistant document
wrt-file-description Files with wrt suffix may be very old documents created in a program called IBM Writing Assistant.

wrts-file-extension
wrts-file-description Wrts data
wrts-file-description A wrts file extension is related to the Wrts a Dutch testing application.

wrz-file-extension
wrz-file-description Cosmo Player VRML worlds
wrz-file-description A wrz file extension is associated with the VRML Worlds - Virtual 3D world created using the VRML language.

ws-file-extension
ws-file-description Microsoft Windows script
ws-file-description There are 10 other file types  usingthe WS file extension!

ws1-file-extension
ws1-file-description WordStar for Windows 1 document
ws1-file-description A ws1 file extension is related to the WordStar for Microsoft Windows. A ws1 file contains document.

ws2-file-extension
ws2-file-description WordStar document
ws2-file-description A ws2 file extension is related to the WordStar, a word processor and used for its document files.

ws3-file-extension
ws3-file-description WordStar for Windows 3 document file
ws3-file-description Files with ws3 extension are used by the WordStar text editor.

ws4-file-extension
ws4-file-description WordStar for Windows document
ws4-file-description A ws4 file extension is related to the WordStar for Windows, a text editing software. A ws4 file stores document.

ws5-file-extension
ws5-file-description WordStar for Windows 5 document file
ws5-file-description Files with ws5 extension are used by the WordStar text editor.

ws6-file-extension
ws6-file-description WordStar for Windows 6 document
ws6-file-description A ws6 file extension is related to the WordStar for Windows and used for its document files.

ws7-file-extension
ws7-file-description WordStar for Windows document file
ws7-file-description Files with ws7 extension are used for WordStar Windows program used in DOS.

ws8-file-extension
ws8-file-description Unknown file extension
ws8-file-description Files with ws8 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ws9-file-extension
ws9-file-description Unknown file extension
ws9-file-description Files with ws9 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wsa-file-extension
wsa-file-description Corel PaintShop Photo Pro Animation Shop workspace
wsa-file-description A wsa file extension is related to the Corel PaintShop Photo Pro Animation Shop workspace format.

wsad-file-extension
wsad-file-description WildTangent actor definition file
wsad-file-description Files with wsad extension are used as a game files used for WildTangent's computer games.

wsb-file-extension
wsb-file-description Microsoft Works portfolio
wsb-file-description A wsb file extension is related to Microsoft Works an office suite for Microsoft Windows. A wsb file stores portfolio data for Works version 6.

wsc-file-extension
wsc-file-description Microsoft Windows scripting component
wsc-file-description A wsc file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows operating system. A wsc file stores scripting component data.

wscript-file-extension
wscript-file-description Waf script
wscript-file-description Files with wscript file extension are commonly used by Waf software for scripts.

wscx-file-extension
wscx-file-description SurveyCreator data
wscx-file-description A wscx file extension is associated with the SurveyCreator from Wondershare company.

wsc_aq-file-extension
wsc_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
wsc_aq-file-description Files with wsc_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wsd-file-extension
wsd-file-description WinTab602 document
wsd-file-description A wsd file extension is related to the WinTab602 and used for its document files.

wsdd-file-extension
wsdd-file-description Apache Axis Web Service Deployment Descriptor (WSDD)
wsdd-file-description A wsdd file extension is related to the Apache Axis, developed by Apache Software Foundation. A wsdd file contains web service deployment descriptor.

wsdl-file-extension
wsdl-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio Web Service Description Language
wsdl-file-description A wsdl file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio an integrated development environment. A wsdl file contains data written in Web Service Description Language.

wse-file-extension
wse-file-description Wise File format
wse-file-description Files with wse suffix seems to be mainly found in installer packages created in Wise Package Studio.

wset-file-extension
wset-file-description Microsoft Word for Mac settings file
wset-file-description Files with wset extension are used by Microsoft Word for Mac. It is an used for an old version and the files include some settings data.

wsf-file-extension
wsf-file-description Windows Script
wsf-file-description Files with wsf file extension can be commonly found as Windows Scrips, similar to Visual Basic scripts in nature.

wsf_aq-file-extension
wsf_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
wsf_aq-file-description Files with wsf_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wsg-file-extension
wsg-file-description WAsP site locations data
wsg-file-description A wsg file extension is related to the WAsP, a program for wind resource assessment. A wsg file stores site locations data.

wsh-file-extension
wsh-file-description Microsoft Windows Scripting Host data
wsh-file-description Files with wsh file extension can be generally found as scripts in the Microsoft Windows Script Host automation technology for Windows operating system.

wsh_aq-file-extension
wsh_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
wsh_aq-file-description Files with wsh_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wsi-file-extension
wsi-file-description Wise Windows Installer project
wsi-file-description A wsi file extension is related to the Wise Windows Installer and used for its project files.

wsil-file-extension
wsil-file-description IBM Web Services Inspection Language data
wsil-file-description Files with wsil extension might be found as as files in IBM's Web Services Inspection Language.

wsk-file-extension
wsk-file-description Whisset Media Player skin
wsk-file-description Files with wsk file extension are related to the Whisset Media Player software for Windows.

wskn-file-extension
wskn-file-description Wise Care 365 data
wskn-file-description A wskn file extension is related to the Wise Care 365 a tool for Microsoft Windows.

wsl-file-extension
wsl-file-description Win-Situ data logger data
wsl-file-description A wsl file extension is related to the Win-Situ and used for its data logger files.

wsm-file-extension
wsm-file-description Microsoft SMS installer working data
wsm-file-description A wsm file extension is related to the Microsoft Systems Management Server (SMS) and used for its installer working data.

wsmdi-file-extension
wsmdi-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio test list
wsmdi-file-description Files with wsmdi file extension can be found as tests lists for projects made in Microsoft Visual Studio.

wsn-file-extension
wsn-file-description WhoopSee skin
wsn-file-description A wsn file extension is related to the WhoopSee and used for its skin files.

wso-file-extension
wso-file-description The Sims 3 mesh
wso-file-description Files with wso file extension are related to The Sims 3 computer game used for some sort of import/export format.

wsp-file-extension
wsp-file-description Microsoft Visual C++ workspace info
wsp-file-description There are 7 other file types  usingthe WSP file extension!

wspak-file-extension
wspak-file-description WebsitePanel backup
wspak-file-description A wspak file extension is related to the WebsitePanel, a portal for Cloud Computing Companies and used for its backup files.

wspd-file-extension
wspd-file-description WebsitePainter for Mac project
wspd-file-description A wspd file extension is related to the WebsitePainter for Mac projects.

wsq-file-extension
wsq-file-description Wavelet-packet Scalar Quantization bitmap
wsq-file-description A wsq file extension is associated with the Wavelet-packet scalar quantization bitmap format.

wsr-file-extension
wsr-file-description Crossword Genius data
wsr-file-description A file suffix wsr is related of the Crossword Genius program.

wsrc-file-extension
wsrc-file-description xwais source file
wsrc-file-description Files with wsrc extension are used by the WAIS client-server text searching system.

wsrmac-file-extension
wsrmac-file-description Windows Speech Recognition macro
wsrmac-file-description An wsrmac file extension is related to the Windows Speech Recognition feature from Windows. An wsrmac file stores macro.

wss-file-extension
wss-file-description Microsoft Windows Sound System
wss-file-description Files with wss file extension seems to have been used in the past for some sort of sound card specification files for Windows Sound System.

wssp-file-extension
wssp-file-description CommuniGate custom website definition
wssp-file-description A wsp file extension is related to the CommuniGate custom website definition format.

wsstyles-file-extension
wsstyles-file-description Microsoft Windows Vista Sidebar style settings
wsstyles-file-description A wsstyles file extension is related to the Sidebar integrated to Microsoft Windows Vista operating system. A wsstyles file stores style settings.

wssx-file-extension
wssx-file-description Microsoft Windows Server add-on
wssx-file-description A wssx file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Server operating system. A wssx file stores add-on.

wst-file-extension
wst-file-description WordStar text
wst-file-description A wst file extension is related to the WordStar and used for its text files.

wsv-file-extension
wsv-file-description Konica Minolta SpectraMagic data
wsv-file-description A wsv file extension is related to Konica Minolta SpectraMagic and used for its data files.

wsve-file-extension
wsve-file-description Wondershare Filmora project
wsve-file-description Files with wsve file extension can be found as projects from Wondershare Filmora video editing software.

wsvs-file-extension
wsvs-file-description Wondershare Filmora data
wsvs-file-description A wsvs file extension is related to the Wondershare Filmora, a video editor for Mac and Windows. A wsvs file contains some kind of data.

wsw-file-extension
wsw-file-description WebSite-Watcher bookmark
wsw-file-description A wsw file extension is related to the WebSite-Watcher software and used for its bookmark files.

wsx-file-extension
wsx-file-description SysEx Librarian data
wsx-file-description A wsx file extension is related to the SysEx Librarian for Apple Mac OS X (macOS) operating system.

wsxz-file-extension
wsxz-file-description SDL WorldServer project package
wsxz-file-description A wsxz file extension is related to the SDL Trados Studio, a translation suite. A wsxz file contains project package.

wsym-file-extension
wsym-file-description ArchiCAD for MAC Geometric Description Language file
wsym-file-description Detailed description

wsz-file-extension
wsz-file-description Winamp ZIP compressed skin
wsz-file-description Files with wsz file extension can be generally found as skins for the popular Winamp player. Used to customize the look of the program.

ws_-file-extension
ws_-file-description Unknown file extension
ws_-file-description Files with ws_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

wt0-file-extension
wt0-file-description WordExpress template
wt0-file-description A wt0 file extension is related to the WordExpress program and used for its template files.

wt4-file-extension
wt4-file-description Lotus 1-2-3 worksheet template
wt4-file-description Files with wt4 file extension are related to the Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet editor. A wt4 file contains worksheet template.

wt6-file-extension
wt6-file-description 602Pro PC Suite plug-in
wt6-file-description A wt6 file extension is associated with the 602PC Suite from Software602 and used for its plug-in files.

wta-file-extension
wta-file-description WinTune DLL dynamic link library
wta-file-description A wta file extension is related to the WinTune and used for its DLL dynamic link library files.

wtb-file-extension
wtb-file-description Win-Test binary log file
wtb-file-description Files with wtb extension are associated with Win-Test program as its log files.

wtbn-file-extension
wtbn-file-description Word for Mac template file
wtbn-file-description Detailed description

wtc-file-extension
wtc-file-description Logitech web camera temporary data
wtc-file-description A wtc file extension is related to the Logitech web camera temporary data format.

wtd-file-extension
wtd-file-description Wintune document
wtd-file-description A wtd file extension is associated with the Wintune, a software for Microsoft Windows operating system.

wtf-file-extension
wtf-file-description World of Warcraft server configuration
wtf-file-description A wtf file extension is used for a realmlist.wtf file in the World of Warcraft MMO. This file contain information about server location to which the game client will attempt to connect.

wtfav-file-extension
wtfav-file-description Watchtower Library favourite data
wtfav-file-description A wtfav file extension is related to the Watchtower Library and used for its favorite files.

wtg-file-extension
wtg-file-description WAsP wind turbine generator data
wtg-file-description A wtg file extension is related to the WAsP, a program for predicting wind climates, wind resources, etc. A wtg file contains wind turbine generator data.

wth-file-extension
wth-file-description ContamX weather data
wth-file-description A wth file extension is related to the CONTAM a ventilation analysis software. A wth file contains weather data.

wti-file-extension
wti-file-description WebTranslateIt configuration
wti-file-description A wti file extension is related to the WebTranslateIt and used for its configuration files.

wtk-file-extension
wtk-file-description WinTalk URL address
wtk-file-description A wtk file extension is related to the WinTalk an instant messaging tool. A wtk file contains URL address.

wtl-file-extension
wtl-file-description Microsoft Windows Test log
wtl-file-description Files with wtl file extension can be found as old logs from some of the earlier versions of Microsoft Windows OS. Test logs.

wtml-file-extension
wtml-file-description WorldWide Telescope data
wtml-file-description A wtml file extension is related to the WorldWide Telescope software.

wtmp-file-extension
wtmp-file-description Partial torrent download
wtmp-file-description A wtmp file extension is related to some BitTorrent clients to store partially downloaded files.

wtp-file-extension
wtp-file-description Wink template
wtp-file-description A wtp file extension is related to the Wink and used for its document template files.

wtpl-file-extension
wtpl-file-description WebZIP template
wtpl-file-description A wtpl file extension is related to the WebZIP template files.

wtpt-file-extension
wtpt-file-description WireTap Studio packaged track
wtpt-file-description A wtpt file extension is related to the WireTap Studio packaged track format.

wtq-file-extension
wtq-file-description Windows Test Technology data
wtq-file-description A wtq file extension is related to the Windows Test Technology and used for its data files.

wtr-file-extension
wtr-file-description Microsoft Encarta file
wtr-file-description Files with wtr extension are used by the Encarta software. They are used as some various data files.

wts-file-extension
wts-file-description WAsP wind turbine site
wts-file-description A wts file suffix is related to the WAsP software from Wind Energy Division. A wts file contains wind turbine site.

wtt-file-extension
wtt-file-description Likno Web/HTML Tooltips Builder project
wtt-file-description A wtt file extension is related to the Likno Web/HTML Tooltips Builder files.

wtv-file-extension
wtv-file-description Windows Media Center TV recording
wtv-file-description Files with wtv file extension can be usually found as TV recordings made using Windows Media Center and captured using TV tuner.

wtx-file-extension
wtx-file-description WinTune export text document
wtx-file-description A wtx file extension is related to the WinTune and used for its text files.

wu-file-extension
wu-file-description Watchfire Bobby URL list
wu-file-description A wu file extension is associated with the Watchfire Bobby testing program. A wu file stores URL list.

wug-file-extension
wug-file-description Twister Flasher flash data
wug-file-description A wug file extension is related to the Twister Flasher a mobile phones service toolbox.

wui-file-extension
wui-file-description WhatsUp Gold network map polling statistics
wui-file-description A wui file extension is related to the WhatsUp Gold software. A wui file contains network map polling statistics.

wul-file-extension
wul-file-description WinUHA language data
wul-file-description A wul file extension is related to the WinUHA a compression utility for Windows. A wul file contains language settings.

wup-file-extension
wup-file-description WhatsUp Gold network map
wup-file-description A wup file extension is related to the WhatsUp Gold and used for tis network map files.

wus-file-extension
wus-file-description WUTG tagged audio data
wus-file-description A wus file extension is related to the WUTG Editor and used for its tagged audio data.

wusiksnd-file-extension
wusiksnd-file-description Wusik Station multisampled sound
wusiksnd-file-description A wusiksnd file extension is related to the Wusik Station multisampled sound format.

wut-file-extension
wut-file-description WUTG Editor tag
wut-file-description A wut file extension is associated with the WUTG Editor. A wut file stores tag.

wv-file-extension
wv-file-description WavPack lossless compressed audio
wv-file-description A wv file extension is used for audio files in open source WavPack lossless audio compression format. This format is supported by a range of audio players  such as VLC, Windows Media Player, Winamp, etc.

wvc-file-extension
wvc-file-description WavPack correction data
wvc-file-description Files with wvc file extension are commonly used by correction data format for WavPack.

wvd-file-extension
wvd-file-description StarMoney zvl32 filter
wvd-file-description A wvd file extension is related to the StarMoney, a personal finance software. A wvd file contains zvl32 filter.

wve-file-extension
wve-file-description Wondershare Video Editor project
wve-file-description Files with wve extension can be mostly found as projects from the Wondershare Video Editor program. Used to save work in progress.

wvf-file-extension
wvf-file-description Yokogawa Oscilloscope captured data file
wvf-file-description Files with wvf extension are used for digital oscilloscopes educed by the Japanese company Yokogawa Electric corporation. They include recorded data.

wvh-file-extension
wvh-file-description WebView Livescope Viewer data
wvh-file-description Files with wvh file extension can be found as part of older WebView Livescope Viewer.

wvi-file-extension
wvi-file-description IQ Producer waveform information
wvi-file-description A wvi file extension is related to the IQ Producer waveform information files.

wvl-file-extension
wvl-file-description Wavelet bitmap image
wvl-file-description A wvl file extension is related to the wavelet bitmap image format. Seems to be obsolete.

wvm-file-extension
wvm-file-description WAVE input data
wvm-file-description Files with wvmb file extension might be found as input data files for WAVE gas dynamics simulation software.

wvp-file-extension
wvp-file-description Symantec Virtual Package Editor virtual software project
wvp-file-description A wvp file extension is related to the Virtual Package Editor from Symantec. A wvp file stores virtual software project.

wvs-file-extension
wvs-file-description Wanvas data
wvs-file-description Files with wvs file extension can be found as part of old Wanvas program by Ember.

wvt-file-extension
wvt-file-description Compuwx Export Data
wvt-file-description Files with wvt file extension can be found as export files from older Computer Weather Exchange program.

wvw-file-extension
wvw-file-description Interleaf WorldView format
wvw-file-description A wvw file extension is related to the Interleaf WorldView a document publishing software.

wvx-file-extension
wvx-file-description Windows Media Video Redirector data
wvx-file-description A wvx file extension is related to the Windows Media Video Redirector files. A wvx file contains reference to Windows Media Video.

wvxml-file-extension
wvxml-file-description AudioPlayer XML playlist
wvxml-file-description Files with wvxml file extension might be found as playlists for AudioPlayer media players.

ww6-file-extension
ww6-file-description Nolo Willmaker 6 data
ww6-file-description A ww6 file extension is related to Nolo Willmaker 6 and used for its will files.

wwa-file-extension
wwa-file-description WebSite-Watcher archive
wwa-file-description Files with wwa file extension might be found as archives from Website-Watcher program.

wwb-file-extension
wwb-file-description Corel WordPerfect button bar data
wwb-file-description Files with wwb extension can be generally found as button bars for Corel WordPerfect word processing software. Some sort of settings file.

wwcx-file-extension
wwcx-file-description Adobe InCopy data
wwcx-file-description A wwcx file extension is related to the Adobe InCopy, a professional word processor for Windows and macOS (OS X). A wwcx file stores data.

wwd-file-extension
wwd-file-description Microsoft Works Wizards file
wwd-file-description Files with wwd extension were used by Microsoft Works program. They were known as wizard files.

wwe-file-extension
wwe-file-description AMP1-16 renamed EXE file
wwe-file-description A wwe file extension is related with the AMP1-16 update service and used for its renamed exe file.

wwf-file-extension
wwf-file-description WWF Rant Pakk sound file
wwf-file-description Files with wwf extension are used by JAKKS Pacific company. They are used as some audio files.

wwg-file-extension
wwg-file-description CARE-S InfoWorks wastewater data
wwg-file-description A wwg file extension is related to the CARE-S program and used for its wastewater data.

wwh-file-extension
wwh-file-description WAsP workspace file
wwh-file-description Files with wwh extension are used by the WAsP program. They are used as a workspace files saved in XML format

wwi-file-extension
wwi-file-description SAP EHS WWI document
wwi-file-description The wwi file extension is related to the Microsoft Word from Microsoft Office.

wwk-file-extension
wwk-file-description Corel WordPerfect keyboard layout file
wwk-file-description Files with wwk extension are used by Corel WordPerfect word processing program.

wwl-file-extension
wwl-file-description Microsoft Word add-in
wwl-file-description A wwl file extension is related to the Microsoft Word, a word processor for Windows and Mac. A wwl file stores add-in.

wwls-file-extension
wwls-file-description Weather Watcher Live skin
wwls-file-description The wwls file extension is related to the Weather Watcher Live skin file.

wwp-file-extension
wwp-file-description Microsoft Works wizards
wwp-file-description A wwp file extension is related to the Microsoft Works, an office suite produced by Microsoft for Windows. A wwp file stores data for wizards.

wwq-file-extension
wwq-file-description SWAT watershed water quality input data
wwq-file-description Files with wwq file extension are related to SWAT Soil & Water Assessment Tool. These files contains some sort of water quality input parameters used in the program.

wwr-file-extension
wwr-file-description WAsP resource grid
wwr-file-description A wwr file extension is related to the WAsP and used for its grid files.

wws-file-extension
wws-file-description Microsoft Works wizards
wws-file-description A wws file extension is related to Microsoft Works, an office suite for Microsoft Windows. A wws file stores settings for wizards.

wwt-file-extension
wwt-file-description WinDev page template
wwt-file-description Files with wwt file extension might be found as templates for WinDev web page development tool.

wwtfig-file-extension
wwtfig-file-description WorldWide Telescope file
wwtfig-file-description The wwtfig file extension is related to the WorldWide Telescope software.

wwtl-file-extension
wwtl-file-description WorldWide Telescope layer data
wwtl-file-description Files with wwtl file extension are related to the WorldWide Telescope layer data.

wwu-file-extension
wwu-file-description Wwise work unit data
wwu-file-description A wwu file extension is related to the Wwise an audio authoring tool. A wwu file stores unit data.

wwv-file-extension
wwv-file-description WildTangent branded WAV audio
wwv-file-description A wwv file extension is related to the WildTangent branded WAV audio format.

www-file-extension
www-file-description ANNO 2070 world configuration
www-file-description Files with www file extension are associated with the ANNO 2070 video game.

wwx-file-extension
wwx-file-description winIDEA watch XML format
wwx-file-description A wwx file extension is related to the winIDEA watch XML format.

wwz-file-extension
wwz-file-description Unknown extension
wwz-file-description A wwz file extension seems to be in use for certain files that are mentioned on the internet. However, we have not yet found their original program nor any specific information about it.

wx-file-extension
wx-file-description Flight Simulator weather data
wx-file-description A wx file extension is related to the Flight Simulator video game and used for its weather data.

wxa-file-extension
wxa-file-description Buxco system hardware configuration data
wxa-file-description A file suffix wxa is related to the Buxco system hardware configuration data.

wxd-file-extension
wxd-file-description Homeworld musc resource game
wxd-file-description A wxd file extension is related to the Homeworld computer game and used for its musc resource game files.

wxf-file-extension
wxf-file-description WinSQL scheduled task data
wxf-file-description A wxf file extension is related to the WinSQL and used for its scheduled task files.

wxi-file-extension
wxi-file-description WiX include data
wxi-file-description A wxi file extension is related to the WiX, a toolset used to build Windows apps installation packages. A wxi file stores some kind of data for WiX.

wxl-file-extension
wxl-file-description WiX localization data
wxl-file-description A wxl file extension is related to the WiX (Windows Installer XML) toolset. A wxl file stores a set of strings used for localizing a product into.

wxmx-file-extension
wxmx-file-description wxMaxima document
wxmx-file-description Files with wxmx extension can be mainly encountered as documents from the wxMaxima interface for algebra system Maxima.

wxp-file-extension
wxp-file-description EXP for Windows document
wxp-file-description A wxp file extension is related to the EXP word processor. A wxp file stores document from EXP.

wxpr-file-extension
wxpr-file-description Wax preset
wxpr-file-description A wxpr file extension is related to the Wax a video editing software for Windows.

wxr-file-extension
wxr-file-description WxWindgets resource data
wxr-file-description Files with wxr extension are used for WxWindgets, they include program resource data.

wxs-file-extension
wxs-file-description WiX source data
wxs-file-description Files with wxs file extension are related to the WiX (Windows Installer XML). A wxs file contains source data.

wxy-file-extension
wxy-file-description League of Legends Wooxy skin
wxy-file-description Files with wxy file extension are related to the League of Legends computer game. A wxy file stores skin.

wyc-file-extension
wyc-file-description WyBuild version number
wyc-file-description Files with wyc file extension can be found as version number data files from WyBuild program.

wyn-file-extension
wyn-file-description WYNN document
wyn-file-description Files with wyn file extension can be found as old documents from a program called WYNN.

wyp-file-extension
wyp-file-description wyBuild definitions
wyp-file-description A wyp file extension is related to the wyBuild and used for its definitions data.

wys-file-extension
wys-file-description WyBuild server settings
wys-file-description Files with wys file extension can be found as server configuration files from WyBuild program.

wyt-file-extension
wyt-file-description WYSIWYG template
wyt-file-description Files with wyt file extension can be found as old WYSIWYG templates.

wyu-file-extension
wyu-file-description WyBuild update data
wyu-file-description Files with wyu file extension are update files from WyBuild software.

wyz-file-extension
wyz-file-description WYZTracker song
wyz-file-description A wyz file extension is related to the WYZTracker software. A wyz file contains song.

wz-file-extension
wz-file-description MapleStory game data archive
wz-file-description A wz file extension is related to MapleStory, 2D MMORPG computer game. A wz file stores game data.

wza-file-extension
wza-file-description Encryption Wizard archive file
wza-file-description A wza file extension is related to the Encryption Wizard and used for its archive files.

wzb-file-extension
wzb-file-description Librarian of OZ sharp book viewer add-on
wzb-file-description A wzb file extension is used by Librarian of OZ sharp book viewer add-on files.

wzcloud-file-extension
wzcloud-file-description WinZip data
wzcloud-file-description Files with wzcloud file extension are related to the WinZip data.

wzconfig-file-extension
wzconfig-file-description WinZip e-mail configuration
wzconfig-file-description A wzconfig file extension is related to the WinZip compression tool. A wzconfig file stores configuration for e-mail.

wzd-file-extension
wzd-file-description Sharp Wizard program
wzd-file-description A wzd file extension is related to the Sharp Wizard a portable organizer. A wzd file stores program for Sharp Wizard.

wzg-file-extension
wzg-file-description WZebra game data
wzg-file-description A wzg file extension is related to the Zebra for Windows (WZebra), a puzzle solving video game.

wzk-file-extension
wzk-file-description Wingz compressed spreadsheet
wzk-file-description Files with wzk file extension can be found as some kind of very old, compressed spreadsheets from a program called Wingz.

wzmul-file-extension
wzmul-file-description WinZip multi-user registration data
wzmul-file-description A wzmul file extension is related to the WinZip software and used for its multi-user registration files.

wzn-file-extension
wzn-file-description WhizFolders document
wzn-file-description A wzn file extension is related to the WhizFolders program for Microsoft Windows. A wzn file contains document.

wzp-file-extension
wzp-file-description Firmware file
wzp-file-description Files with wzp suffix seems to be some kind of firmware updates for certain Chinese GPS / Navigation devices.

wzs-file-extension
wzs-file-description Microsoft Word wizard file
wzs-file-description Files with wzs extension are used by Microsoft Word as a wizard files.

wzsul-file-extension
wzsul-file-description WinZip multi-user registration
wzsul-file-description A wzsul file extension is related to the WinZip software for Windows and Mac. A wzsul file stores multi-user registration.

wztheme-file-extension
wztheme-file-description WinZip theme
wztheme-file-description A wztheme file extension is related to the WinZip theme file format.

wzz-file-extension
wzz-file-description Catalog Builder load and save CD settings
wzz-file-description Files with wzz file extension might be found as Catalog Builder load and save CD settings files.

xap-file-extension
xap-file-description Microsoft Windows Phone and Microsoft Silverlight application package

xapk-file-extension
xapk-file-description Google Android XAPK application package
xapk-file-description An xapk file extension is related to the XAPK Installer application installation tool for Android. An xapk file stores application installation.

xcodeproj-file-extension
xcodeproj-file-description Apple Xcode software development project
xcodeproj-file-description File extension .xcodeproj is used by Apple Xcode IDE used for developing apps for Apple computers and devices. File stores app development project.

xhtml-file-extension
xhtml-file-description Extensible HTML document
xhtml-file-description An xhtml file extension is associated with the Extensible HTML language used to extend HTML 4. An xhtml file stores document written in the XHTML.

xls-file-extension
xls-file-description Microsoft Excel 97 to 2003 workbook
xls-file-description Files with xls extension are best known as spreadsheets from Microsoft Excel. A spreadsheet is basically a grid of cells sorted in rows and columns. Each cell can contain text, numeric or formula data. Excel XLS spreadsheets can be opened in most other similar programs, such as OpenOffice.org Calc.

xlsm-file-extension
xlsm-file-description Microsoft Excel Open XML macro-enabled workbook
xlsm-file-description Files with xlsm extension are used for workbooks of spreadsheets created in Microsoft Excel that also include macros, that enhance the functionality of the spreadsheet but some automation features. Other spreadsheets might open xlsm files as well, however they most likely wont be able to use the Excel specific formatting and macros.

xlsx-file-extension
xlsx-file-description Microsoft Excel Open XML workbook and spreadsheet
xlsx-file-description Files with xlsx extension are s used by Microsoft Excel for its workbooks (spreadsheets) in Office Open XML format. XLSX is the latest spreadsheet format used by Excel with adoption of XML formatting first used in Office 2000. While older xls files were binary in nature, xlsx spreadsheets are using somewhat altered XML scheme.

xml-file-extension
xml-file-description XML document
xml-file-description An xml file extension is commonly used for files written in Extensible Markup Language. An xml file is used in various areas of computer industry and many program languages are just derivatives of XML. These xml files can be opened and edited in any text editor or IDE.

xmp-file-extension
xmp-file-description Adobe Extensible Metadata Platform data

xpi-file-extension
xpi-file-description Firefox browser extension
xpi-file-description An xpi file extension is Firefox plugins or add-on files. Add-ons enhance current features of the browser or add completely new functions or mini programs to the program (such as weather forecast, dictionary, password storage etc.).

xps-file-extension
xps-file-description Microsoft XPS document

xsd-file-extension
xsd-file-description XML schema description

xsl-file-extension
xsl-file-description XML eXtensible stylesheet

xslt-file-extension
xslt-file-description XSL transform data
xslt-file-description An xslt file extension is related to the XSLT XML formatted document.

x_t-file-extension
x_t-file-description Parasolid model (text)
x_t-file-description Files with x_t file extension can be usually encountered as 3D models or technical drawings prepared and saved in a text format native to Parasolid software.

x-file-extension
x-file-description Lex language source code
x-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe X file extension!

x-ape-file-extension
x-ape-file-description JRiver Media Center data
x-ape-file-description An x-ape file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center and used for its data files.

x-divx-file-extension
x-divx-file-description JRiver Media Center data
x-divx-file-description An x-divx file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center software for various platforms.

x-ms-wma-file-extension
x-ms-wma-file-description JRiver Media Center data
x-ms-wma-file-description An x-ms-wma file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center files.

x-ms-wmv-file-extension
x-ms-wmv-file-description JRiver Media Center data
x-ms-wmv-file-description An x-ms-wmv file extension is related to the JRiver Media Center software for Mac, Windows and Linux.

x-musepack-file-extension
x-musepack-file-description JRiver Media Center data
x-musepack-file-description Files with x-musepack file extension are associated with the JRiver Media Center files.

x-png-file-extension
x-png-file-description Portable (Public) Network Graphic bitmap format
x-png-file-description Files with x-png extension can be typically found as a special variant of the Portable (Public) Network Graphic bitmap format.

x00-file-extension
x00-file-description Esri ArcInfo export data
x00-file-description An x00 file extension is related to the Esri ArcInfo GIS Software. An x00 file contains export data.

x01-file-extension
x01-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index
x01-file-description An x01 file extension is associated with the Corel Paradox a relational database management system. An x01 file stores secondary index.

x02-file-extension
x02-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
x02-file-description Files with x02 extension are used for Paradox as a secondary index information files.

x03-file-extension
x03-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
x03-file-description Files with x03 extension are used by Paradox program. They include some index information.

x04-file-extension
x04-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
x04-file-description An x04 file extension is associated with the Corel Paradox a relational database management system. An x04 file stores secondary index.

x05-file-extension
x05-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
x05-file-description Files with x05 extension are used by the Paradox program. They include some index data information.

x06-file-extension
x06-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
x06-file-description Files with x06 extension are used by the Paradox program. They include some index data information.

x07-file-extension
x07-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
x07-file-description Files with x07 extension are used by the Paradox program. They include some index data information.

x08-file-extension
x08-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
x08-file-description An x08 file extension is associated with the Corel Paradox a relational database management system. An x08 file stores secondary index.

x09-file-extension
x09-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
x09-file-description Files with x09 extension are used by the Paradox program. They include some index data information.

x0v-file-extension
x0v-file-description Yamaha Motif audio
x0v-file-description An x0v file extension is associated with the Yamaha Motif audio file format.

x1-file-extension
x1-file-description X1 desktop search saved search data
x1-file-description An x1 file extension is related to the X1 Desktop Search, an application for indexing data on storage. An x1 file contains saved search data.

x10-file-extension
x10-file-description X Window bitmap dump file
x10-file-description Files with x10 extension are used by the X Windows Graphical User Interface for some operating systems.

x11-file-extension
x11-file-description X Window System bitmap image
x11-file-description An x11 file extension is associated with the X Window System, a GUI for operating system, such as Linux, Unix, FreeBSD, etc. An x11 file stores bitmap image.

x13-file-extension
x13-file-description Hooligans game archive
x13-file-description An x13 file extension is related to Hooligans strategic computer game. An x13 file stores gamed data.

x16-file-extension
x16-file-description Macromedia extra document
x16-file-description An x16 file extension is related to the extra document format developed by Macromedia.

x1d-file-extension
x1d-file-description Vicon unprocessed data
x1d-file-description Files with x1d file extension can be found as part of VIcon MX program. Unprocessed data file.

x1i-file-extension
x1i-file-description Unknown file extension
x1i-file-description Files with x1i file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

x1s-file-extension
x1s-file-description X1 Desktop Search saved search data
x1s-file-description Files with x1s file extension are related to the X1 Desktop Search saved search data.

x1z-file-extension
x1z-file-description X1 saved search archive
x1z-file-description An x1z file extension is related to the X1 saved search archive files.

x20-file-extension
x20-file-description XTree Gold for Dos help file
x20-file-description Files with x20 extension are used for XTree Gold file manager. They include helps data.

x26-file-extension
x26-file-description Taser X26 encrypted record
x26-file-description An x26 file extension is related to the Taser X26 encrypted record file format.

x2d-file-extension
x2d-file-description X2D graphics format
x2d-file-description An x2d file extension is related to the X2D, a dynamic, interactive graphics file format.

x2fnd-file-extension
x2fnd-file-description xplorer² saved search
x2fnd-file-description An x2fnd file extension is related to the xplorer², a desktop file management tool. An x2fnd file stores saved search.

x32-file-extension
x32-file-description Adobe Xtra data
x32-file-description An x32 file extension is related to the Adobe Xtras a add-on format used by various Adobe applications. An x32 file stores add-on.

x36-file-extension
x36-file-description Xplorer360 data
x36-file-description Files with x36 file extension are related to the Xplorer360 software for Windows.

x3a-file-extension
x3a-file-description MOTIF XF data
x3a-file-description Files with x3a file extension can be found as songs recorded using the Yamaha MOTIF XF music workstation.

x3d-file-extension
x3d-file-description X3D graphics model
x3d-file-description Files with x3d file extension can be found as 3D models or other graphics interactive content based on X3D standard.

x3db-file-extension
x3db-file-description X3D binary format
x3db-file-description An x3db file extension is related to the X3D binary format file format developed by Web3D.

x3dv-file-extension
x3dv-file-description Web3D X3D graphics image file
x3dv-file-description Files with x3dv extension are used by the Web3D XRD image file format.

x3f-file-extension
x3f-file-description Sigma Camera RAW picture image
x3f-file-description An x3f file extension is related to RAW Picture File format used by digital cameras developed by the Sigma.

x3g-file-extension
x3g-file-description MakerBot MakerWare 3D document
x3g-file-description Files with x3g extension can be mostly found as 3D documents made using MakerBot MakerWare software.

x3p-file-extension
x3p-file-description 3D-point data exchange
x3p-file-description Files with x3p file extension are associated with 3D-point data exchange format.

x3v-file-extension
x3v-file-description Yamaha Motif audio
x3v-file-description An x3v file extension is related to the Yamaha Motif audio format used by Yamaha Motif Classic, ES, XS, XF, MOXF workstations.

x40-file-extension
x40-file-description XtreeGold DOS help data
x40-file-description An x40 file extension is related to the XTreeGold, a file manager for MS-DOS. An x40 file contains help data.

x4k-file-extension
x4k-file-description XML4King configuration file
x4k-file-description The x4k file extension is related to the XML4King and used for its configuration data.

x50-file-extension
x50-file-description XTreeGold help data
x50-file-description An x50 file extension is related to the XTreeGold, a DOS file manager. An x50 file stores help data.

x60-file-extension
x60-file-description XtreeGold for DOS help data
x60-file-description An x60 file extension is related to the XtreeGold, a file management software. An x60 file stores help data.

x64-file-extension
x64-file-description Commodore 64 emulator disk image
x64-file-description Files with x64 file extension are created by prepending a 64-byte header to an existing emulator image and it set up specific bits to describe the following types of images.

x6v-file-extension
x6v-file-description Yamaha Motif audio
x6v-file-description An x6v file extension is associated with  Yamaha Motif audio file format used by Yamaha Motif Classic, ES, XS, XF, MOXF.

x70-file-extension
x70-file-description XTree Gold for Dos help file
x70-file-description Files with x70 extension are used for XTree Gold file manager. They include helps data.

x80-file-extension
x80-file-description Xtree Gold DOS help data
x80-file-description An x80 file extension is related to the Xtree Gold and used for its help data.

x86-file-extension
x86-file-description Microsoft Office dynamic link library
x86-file-description Files with x86 file extension can generally be found someone as part of X86 Windows operating system.

x90-file-extension
x90-file-description XTree Gold for Dos help data
x90-file-description An x90 file extension is related to the XTree Gold, a file manager for MS-DOS. An x90 file stores help document.

xa-file-extension
xa-file-description Sony PlayStation multimedia file
xa-file-description Files with xa suffix can also be found as multimedia (both audio and video) files from Sony Playstation video gaming console.

xa0-file-extension
xa0-file-description Xtree Gold Dos help data
xa0-file-description Files with xa0 file extension are used by Xtree Gold for Dos. This file format is used for help files.

xa2-file-extension
xa2-file-description XWE data
xa2-file-description An xa2 file extension is related to the XWE software for Windows.

xa30-file-extension
xa30-file-description XWE file
xa30-file-description The xa30 file extension is related to the XWE application for Windows.

xaa-file-extension
xaa-file-description XML audit data
xaa-file-description An xaa file extension is related to the XML audit file format used for cash registers.

xab-file-extension
xab-file-description Microsoft Outlook Express address book
xab-file-description Files with xab file extension are used by Microsoft Outlook Express. They store address books data.

xac-file-extension
xac-file-description SimCity Societies game data
xac-file-description Files with xac file extension can be found as game data files from SimCity Societies computer games.

xad-file-extension
xad-file-description eXotic ADlib sound format
xad-file-description Files with xad file extension are audio files in the eXotic ADlib sound format. Most likely rare, or no longer used.

xadd-file-extension
xadd-file-description Microsoft Expression Web 4 add-in
xadd-file-description An xadd file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web and used for its add-in files.

xadml-file-extension
xadml-file-description Amiga Forever XADML file
xadml-file-description Teh .xadaml file extension is related to the Amiga Forever emulator of Amiga computers.

xaf-file-extension
xaf-file-description Microsoft Active VRML
xaf-file-description A xaf file extension is mainly used for one of the default file formats written in Virtual Reality Modeling Language from Microsoft.

xaiml-file-extension
xaiml-file-description XAIML database file
xaiml-file-description Detailed description

xam-file-extension
xam-file-description Version 2 Examiner Corporation assessment item bank
xam-file-description Files with xam file extension is related with the discontinued assessment item bank format used by Examiner Corporation.

xaml-file-extension
xaml-file-description Extensible Application Markup Language format
xaml-file-description Files with xaml file extension can be found as 2D/3D objects described using Extensible Application Markup Language for Windows.

xamlx-file-extension
xamlx-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio XAMLX document
xamlx-file-description Files with xamlx file extension are related to the Microsoft Visual Studio XAMLX document file format.

xan-file-extension
xan-file-description Worms 3D map file
xan-file-description Detailed description

xann-file-extension
xann-file-description XANN Packer audio file
xann-file-description Detailed description

xappl-file-extension
xappl-file-description Virtual Application Studio XML application configuration
xappl-file-description A xappl file extension is related to the Virtual Application Studio and used for its XML configuration files.

xar-file-extension
xar-file-description Microsoft Excel AutoRecover backup
xar-file-description Files with xar file extension can be found as backups created when the autosaving options is enabled in latest Microsoft Excel.

xarc-file-extension
xarc-file-description The Longest Journey audio data
xarc-file-description Files with xarc file extension can be found as audio files from The Longest Journey.

xas-file-extension
xas-file-description PTC Pro/Engineer assembly data
xas-file-description A xas file extension is related to the PTC Pro/Engineer and used for its assembly data.

xav-file-extension
xav-file-description Final Draft AV document file
xav-file-description Files with xav extension are used for Final Draft AV program. They include saved documents.

xavc-file-extension
xavc-file-description Sony XAVC video format
xavc-file-description Files with xavc file extension can be found as video recording files in SONY XAVC format.

xb0-file-extension
xb0-file-description Xtree Gold DOS help file
xb0-file-description Detailed description

xba-file-extension
xba-file-description Timespace Technology video
xba-file-description An xba file extension is related to devices developed by Timespace Technology. An xba file stores video data.

xbap-file-extension
xbap-file-description Microsoft Silverlight application package
xbap-file-description The xbap file extension is used for one of the application package formats in Microsoft Silverlight plugin.

xbb-file-extension
xbb-file-description DVIPDFMx output data
xbb-file-description An xbb file extension is related to the DVIPDFMx project. An xbb file contains output data.

xbc-file-extension
xbc-file-description SMART Notebook data
xbc-file-description An xbc file extension is related to the SMART Notebook software. An xbc file contains data.

xbd-file-extension
xbd-file-description Fuji Xerox Docuworks data
xbd-file-description An xbd file extension is associated with the Fuji Xerox Docuworks, an utility that allows users to digitize paper documents. An xbd file contains digitized document.

xbdr-file-extension
xbdr-file-description Darkroom Booth template
xbdr-file-description An xbdr file extension is associated with the Darkroom Booth program. An xbdr file stores template.

xbe-file-extension
xbe-file-description Xbox executable data
xbe-file-description Files with xbe extension can be found as executables from Xbox games run through emulator software.

xbel-file-extension
xbel-file-description Bookmark Exchange Language file
xbel-file-description Files with xbel extension are associated with written files in the XML Bookmark Exchange Language.

xbf-file-extension
xbf-file-description Emperor: Battle for Dune game data
xbf-file-description An xbf file extension is related to the Emperor Battle for Dune computer game. An xbf file stores game data.

xbin-file-extension
xbin-file-description RegSupreme license data
xbin-file-description An xbin file extension is related ot the RegSupreme software and used for its license files.

xbk-file-extension
xbk-file-description SMART Notebook document
xbk-file-description An xbk file extension is related to the SMART Notebook software from SMART Technologies ULC.

xbl-file-extension
xbl-file-description XBLite source code
xbl-file-description An xbl file extension is associated with the XBLite programming language. An xbl file contains source code.

xblr-file-extension
xblr-file-description Output raw XBRL data
xblr-file-description Files with xblr file extension can be found as output raw eXtensible Business Reporting Language sources.

xbm-file-extension
xbm-file-description X Windows system bitmap image
xbm-file-description Teh xbm file extension is related to the X Windows system bitmap image format an ASCII text monochrome image format, for storing cursor and icon bitmaps used in the X GUI.

xbml-file-extension
xbml-file-description SAP Business One Studio workflow process data
xbml-file-description An xbml file extension is related to the SAP Business One Studio workflow process data format.

xbmml-file-extension
xbmml-file-description Braille music score
xbmml-file-description An xbmml file extension is related to the Braille Music Mark-up Language. An xbmml file contains music score.

xbmp-file-extension
xbmp-file-description Area 51 game data
xbmp-file-description Files with xbmp file extension can be found as game files files from Area 51 horror survival shooter.

xbn-file-extension
xbn-file-description Xnick nick backup
xbn-file-description An xbn file extension is related to the Xnick an app for Xbox 360. An xbn file contains nick backup.

xbp-file-extension
xbp-file-description ApSIC Xbench project
xbp-file-description An xbp file extension is associated with the Xbench software for Microsoft Windows. An xbp file stores project.

xbrl-file-extension
xbrl-file-description Extensible Business Reporting Language
xbrl-file-description Files with xbrl file extension can be found as special interchange finance data in Extensible Business Reporting Language format.

xbs-file-extension
xbs-file-description XnView script
xbs-file-description An xbs file suffix is related to the XnView, a digital photo and picture image viewing program. An xbs file contains script.

xbsav-file-extension
xbsav-file-description Mass Effect 2 for Xbox saved game file
xbsav-file-description Detailed description

xbt-file-extension
xbt-file-description SMART Notebook template
xbt-file-description Files with xbt suffix can be generally encountered as templates for SMART Notebook classroom software.

xbw-file-extension
xbw-file-description Crossword data
xbw-file-description Files with xbw file extension can be found as some sort of crossword data files. Might be old and no longer used.

xbx-file-extension
xbx-file-description Xbox save game system file
xbx-file-description Files with xbx extension can be found on old Xbox consoles. Several files sharing same extension for different purpose.

xc0-file-extension
xc0-file-description Xtree Gold for DOS help data
xc0-file-description An xc0 file extension is related to the Xtree Gold, a file management program. An xc0 file contains help data.

xc3-file-extension
xc3-file-description Cast3D 3D scene
xc3-file-description Files with xc3 file extension can be found as 3D scene files made in Cast3D framework.

xcappdata-file-extension
xcappdata-file-description Apple Xcode application data file
xcappdata-file-description Files with xcappdata extension are used by the Apple Xcode environment developing applications for Mac OS X and iOS devices.

xcarchive-file-extension
xcarchive-file-description Xcode archive
xcarchive-file-description Files with xcarchive file extension are related to the Xcode archive format.

xccolortheme-file-extension
xccolortheme-file-description Xcode color theme data
xccolortheme-file-description Files wth xccolortheme file suffix are associated with the Xcode color theme data format.

xcconfig-file-extension
xcconfig-file-description Apple Xcode configuration settings
xcconfig-file-description Files with xcconfig file extension are related to the Apple Xcode configuration settings.

xccrashpoint-file-extension
xccrashpoint-file-description Xcode crash point data
xccrashpoint-file-description An xccrashpoint file extension is related  to the Xcode crash point data format.

xcdatamodel-file-extension
xcdatamodel-file-description Xcode core data model
xcdatamodel-file-description An xcdatamodel file extension is associated with the Xcode development tool. An xcdatamodel file stores core data model.

xcel-file-extension
xcel-file-description Microsoft Excel for Mac spreadsheet
xcel-file-description An xcel file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel for Mac computers. An xcel file stores spreadsheet.

xcesession-file-extension
xcesession-file-description PDF-XChange Editor data
xcesession-file-description An xcesession file extension is related to the PDF-XChange Editor, a PDF editing tool. An xcesession file contains some kid of data.

xcf-file-extension
xcf-file-description GIMP XCF bitmap image
xcf-file-description Files with xcf file extension can be found as bitmap images saved in GIMP free image editing program.

xcfbz2-file-extension
xcfbz2-file-description GIMP bzip2 compressed XCF bitmap image
xcfbz2-file-description An xcfbz2 file extension is related to the GIMP, a picture image editing tool for Windows, Mac and Linux. An xcfbz2 file contains bitmap image.

xch-file-extension
xch-file-description LinkAssistant project
xch-file-description An xch file extension is related to the LinkAssistant SEO tool and used for its project settings files.

xchange-file-extension
xchange-file-description GamePlan data
xchange-file-description Files with xchange file suffix are related to the GamePlan software.

xci-file-extension
xci-file-description Adobe Reader font mapping file
xci-file-description Files with xci extension are used by Adobe Reader document viewer. They contain some settings data for the program.

xcl-file-extension
xcl-file-description XTree for Windows script
xcl-file-description An xcl file extension is related to the XTree for Windows operating system. An xcl file contains script.

xclp-file-extension
xclp-file-description Microsoft Research Cliplets project
xclp-file-description An xclp file extension is related to the Microsoft Research Cliplets projects.

xclpack-file-extension
xclpack-file-description PDFXEdit data
xclpack-file-description An xclpack file extension is related to the PDFXEdit software. An xclpack file contains some kind of data.

xcm-file-extension
xcm-file-description CmapTools exported concept map
xcm-file-description An xcm file extension is related to the CmapTools and used for its exported concept map files.

xcn-file-extension
xcn-file-description GenePattern XCN data
xcn-file-description An xcn file extension is related to the GenePattern XCN data file format.

xco-file-extension
xco-file-description Xilinx CORE Generator log
xco-file-description An xco file extension is related to the Xilinx CORE Generator. An xco file contains log.

xcode-file-extension
xcode-file-description Xcode development project
xcode-file-description An xcode file extension is related to the Xcode, an integrated development tool. An .xcode file contains project.

xcodeplugin-file-extension
xcodeplugin-file-description Apple Xcode plug-in
xcodeplugin-file-description An xcodeplugin file extension is related to the Apple Xcode and used for its plug-in files.

xcof-file-extension
xcof-file-description Mac OS Object library file
xcof-file-description Detailed description

xcon-file-extension
xcon-file-description Conceal encrypted data file
xcon-file-description Files with xcon extension are used by the Conceal utility.

xcorpus-file-extension
xcorpus-file-description Xaira data
xcorpus-file-description An xcorpus file extension is related to the Xaira, a text searching program. An xcorpus file stores data.

xcp-file-extension
xcp-file-description XLNT script command
xcp-file-description An xcp file extension is related to the XLNT (EXtended Language for Windows NT) script command file format.

xcpad-file-extension
xcpad-file-description XCPad configuration
xcpad-file-description An xcpad file extension is related to the XCPad and used for its configuration data.

xcplugin-file-extension
xcplugin-file-description Apple Xcode plug-in
xcplugin-file-description An xcplugin file extension is related to the Apple Xcode development environment and used for its plug-in files.

xcplugindata-file-extension
xcplugindata-file-description Xcode plug-in data file
xcplugindata-file-description The *.xcplugindata file extension is related to the Xcode and used for its plug-in data files.

xcr-file-extension
xcr-file-description Warlords Battlecry game data
xcr-file-description An xcr file extension is used for resource files for Warlords Battlecry computer game. Can contain all types of data including graphic, sound, maps etc.

xcs-file-extension
xcs-file-description BuzzLetter data
xcs-file-description An xcs file suffix is related to the BuzzLetter program and used for its data files.

xcscheme-file-extension
xcscheme-file-description Apple Xcode scheme
xcscheme-file-description An xcscheme file extension is related to the Apple Xcode and used for its scheme files.

xcsl-file-extension
xcsl-file-description CineStyle color correction settings
xcsl-file-description Files with xcsl file extension can be found as some sort of settings files from CineStyle utility for Canon digital cameras.

xct-file-extension
xct-file-description XVI32 conversion data
xct-file-description An xct file extension is related to the XVI32, a hex editor for Windows. An xct file stores conversion table.

xctl-file-extension
xctl-file-description LabVIEW XControls data
xctl-file-description An xctl file extension is related to the LabVIEW, a graphical programming platform.

xcu-file-extension
xcu-file-description Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org) extension control data
xcu-file-description An xcu file extension is related to the Apache OpenOffice (OpenOffice.org). An xcu file contains extension control data.

xcuserstate-file-extension
xcuserstate-file-description Xcode data
xcuserstate-file-description Files with xcuserstate file extension are generated by Xcode and contain some supporting temporary data for a project, like what bundle was opened last etc.

xcworkspace-file-extension
xcworkspace-file-description Xcode workspace
xcworkspace-file-description Files with xcworkspace file extension are commonly used by Xcode, development environment for OS X.

xd-file-extension
xd-file-description Adobe XD project
xd-file-description An xd file extension is related to the Adobe XD, a UI/UX designing tool for PC and Mac. An xd file contains project.

xd0-file-extension
xd0-file-description XtreeGold Dos help file
xd0-file-description Detailed description

xda-file-extension
xda-file-description Sencha Architect project
xda-file-description An xda file extension is related to the Sencha Architect and used for its HTML5 project files.

xdb-file-extension
xdb-file-description HyperCD HyperLOCK data
xdb-file-description Files with xdb file extension can be found as part of old HyperCD technology. Seems like no longer used.

xdc-file-extension
xdc-file-description Adobe Acrobat printer description
xdc-file-description An xdc file suffix is related to the Adobe Acrobat, a PDF authoring software for Mac and Windows. An xdc file stores printer description.

xdd-file-extension
xdd-file-description Xfit XDD format data
xdd-file-description An xdd file extension is related to the Xfit XDD format data.

xdelta-file-extension
xdelta-file-description Xdelta binary differential data
xdelta-file-description Files with xdelta file extension can be found as binary differential files from Xdelta.

xdf-file-extension
xdf-file-description Extended disk format image
xdf-file-description Files with xdf file extension can be found as disk images saved in the eXtensible Data Format for OS/2 operating system.

xdfl-file-extension
xdfl-file-description XDFL configuration data
xdfl-file-description An xdfl file extension is related to the XDFLengine, a full-XML app server. An xdfl file contains configuration data.

xdi-file-extension
xdi-file-description WinArchiver compressed ISO image
xdi-file-description Files with xdi file extension can be found as compressed ISO images made using the WinArchiver compression tool.

xdl-file-extension
xdl-file-description MS SQL Server XML schema file
xdl-file-description Files with xdl extension are created by Microsoft SQL Server software.

xdm-file-extension
xdm-file-description X-Windows dump file
xdm-file-description Files with xdm extension were used for X-Windows.

xdma-file-extension
xdma-file-description X-Windows for Mac dump file
xdma-file-description Detailed description

xdna-file-extension
xdna-file-description DNAStrider sequence data
xdna-file-description An xdna file extension is related to the DNAStrider software. An xdna file stores DNA sequence data.

xdo-file-extension
xdo-file-description Oracle BI Publisher resource tracking data
xdo-file-description An xdo file extension is related to the Oracle BI Publisher and used for its resource tracking data.

xdoc-file-extension
xdoc-file-description QuarkXPress 3.0 document
xdoc-file-description Files with xdoc file extension can be found as documents made in QuarkXpress design and layout system.

xdoclet-file-extension
xdoclet-file-description JBoss XDoclet reference file
xdoclet-file-description Files with XDOCLET extension are related to JBoss Application Server and used for references purposes.

xdp-file-extension
xdp-file-description Acrobat XML data package
xdp-file-description An xdp file extension is related to the Acrobat XML data package file format.

xdr-file-extension
xdr-file-description BizTalk XML reduced data
xdr-file-description An xdr file extension is related to the BizTalk XML reduced data format.

xds-file-extension
xds-file-description LCDStudio design
xds-file-description An xds file extension is related to the LCDStudio program. An xds file contains design.

xdsl-file-extension
xdsl-file-description D-link router UK firmware update
xdsl-file-description Files with xdsl file extension might be found as D-link router UK firmware update files.

xdt-file-extension
xdt-file-description Win-Test extra data
xdt-file-description A file extension xdt is related to the Win-Test software for Windows. An xdt file contains extra data.

xdu-file-extension
xdu-file-description Backdoor.Win32.PcClient.xdu data
xdu-file-description An xdu file extension is related to the Backdoor.Win32.PcClient.xdu virus.

xdv-file-extension
xdv-file-description XeTeX data
xdv-file-description Files with xdv file extension might be found as debugging files generated by XeTex engine.

xdw-file-extension
xdw-file-description DocuWorks document
xdw-file-description Files with xdw extension can be mainly found as special electronic documents with graphics, texts and links made with DocuWorks.

xdxf-file-extension
xdxf-file-description XML Dictionary eXchange Format
xdxf-file-description An xdxf file extension is related to the XML Dictionary eXchange Format.

xd_-file-extension
xd_-file-description Unknown file extension
xd_-file-description Files with xd_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xe0-file-extension
xe0-file-description XtreeGold help data
xe0-file-description An xe0 file extension is related to the XtreeGold and used for its help data.

xeb-file-extension
xeb-file-description Apabi eBook format
xeb-file-description Files with xeb file extension are e-books in Apabi format.

xec-file-extension
xec-file-description SAP Afaria XEC data
xec-file-description A xec file extension is related to the SAP Afaria, a mobile device management software.

xed-file-extension
xed-file-description XED chemical modeler input/output data
xed-file-description A xed file extension is related to the XED chemical modeler input/output file format.

xef-file-extension
xef-file-description X-Genics eManager form
xef-file-description A xef file extension is associated with the X-Genics eManager form format.

xej-file-extension
xej-file-description Microsoft Expression Encoder job settings
xej-file-description A xej file extension is used for a Microsoft Expression Encoder and it includes project from Encoder.

xel-file-extension
xel-file-description Microsoft Expression Encoder 3.0 live jobs data
xel-file-description Files with xel file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Encoder. An xel file contains live jobs data.

xem-file-extension
xem-file-description Sybase PowerDesigner model definition data
xem-file-description A xem file extension is related to the Sybase PowerDesigner model definition file format.

xen-file-extension
xen-file-description Xenu's Link Sleuth saved results
xen-file-description URL and website link checker software Xenu uses .xen file extension to save and store discovered links for later use.

xensearch-file-extension
xensearch-file-description Citrix XenCenter data
xensearch-file-description A xensearch file extension is associated with the Citrix XenCenter application. A xensearch file contains data.

xeo-file-extension
xeo-file-description Signwave Auto-Illustrator plug-in
xeo-file-description A xeo file extension is related to the Signwave Auto-Illustrator and used for its plug-in files.

xep-file-extension
xep-file-description eManager file packing definition
xep-file-description Files with xep file extension are also related to eManager program from X-Genics and used for some sort of definition files.

xeq-file-extension
xeq-file-description Sage MAS 90 data
xeq-file-description A xeq file extension is related to the Sage MAS 90 and used for its data files.

xer-file-extension
xer-file-description Primavera Project Management Propriety Exchange Format
xer-file-description A xer file extension is related to Oracle Primavera Project. A xer file stores data in Primavera Project Management Propriety Exchange Format.

xes-file-extension
xes-file-description X-Genics eManager skins definition
xes-file-description A xes file extension is related to the X-Genics eManager. A xes file stores skins definition.

xesc-file-extension
xesc-file-description Microsoft Expression Encoder screen capture data
xesc-file-description Files with xesc file extension are captured screenshots using the Microsoft Expression Encoder program. Playable using standard Windows Media Player.

xet-file-extension
xet-file-description X-Genics eManager process definition
xet-file-description A xet file extension is related to the X-Genics eManager and used for its process definition files.

xev-file-extension
xev-file-description X-Genics eManager auto-update
xev-file-description A xev file extension is associated with the X-Genics eManager and used for its auto-update files.

xevgenxml-file-extension
xevgenxml-file-description Adobe Dreamweaver data
xevgenxml-file-description An xevgenxml file extension is associated with the Adobe Dreamweaver and used for its data files.

xex-file-extension
xex-file-description Xbox 360 executable
xex-file-description Files with xex extension can be found as program executables for the Xbox 360 video gaming console.

xez-file-extension
xez-file-description X-Genics eManager template package
xez-file-description A xez file extension is associated with the X-Genics eManager template package format.

xfa-file-extension
xfa-file-description OneCncXR CAD data
xfa-file-description An xfa file extension is related to the OneCncXR CAD and CAM software for Milling, Turning, Nesting/Sheet optimization. An xfa file stores CAD model.

xfbin-file-extension
xfbin-file-description Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 2 game data
xfbin-file-description An xfbin file extension is related to the Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 2 video game and used for its game data.

xfc-file-extension
xfc-file-description X-Fonter font collection
xfc-file-description An xfc file extension is related to the X-Fonter, a software for managing fonts. An xfc file contains font collection.

xfd-file-extension
xfd-file-description Adobe XFDL format XML form
xfd-file-description Files with xfd extension are usually encountered on various eCommerce websites and contain data saved in Adobe XFDL (eXtensible Forms Description Language) file format.

xfdf-file-extension
xfdf-file-description Adobe Acrobat forms document
xfdf-file-description An xfdf file extension is associated with the Adobe Acrobat and used for its forms document.

xfdl-file-extension
xfdl-file-description Extensible forms description language
xfdl-file-description Files with xfdl extension are associated with Extensible Forms Description Language XML file format used to create business forms.

xff-file-extension
xff-file-description XFRX database output data
xff-file-description Files with xff file extension can be found as database output files from the XFRX utility for Windows. A *.xff file is basically exported FoxPro database.

xfi-file-extension
xfi-file-description Latex Figures file
xfi-file-description Files with xfi extension are used for LaTex. They contain some internal data.

xfl-file-extension
xfl-file-description Adobe Flash exchange data
xfl-file-description An xfl file extension is related to the data exchange file format used by the Adobe Flash.

xfm-file-extension
xfm-file-description OmniForm XML data
xfm-file-description An xfm file extension is associated with the OmniForm and used for its XML files.

xfn-file-extension
xfn-file-description Corel Ventura printer font
xfn-file-description An xfn file extension is associated with the Corel Ventura. An xfn file contains printer font.

xfo-file-extension
xfo-file-description XSL-FO formatted form
xfo-file-description An xfo file extension is associated with the XSL-FO formatted form format used by various programs.

xfp-file-extension
xfp-file-description Microsoft SharePoint Extending Form Library properties
xfp-file-description Files with xfp file extension are related to the Microsoft SharePoint Extending Form Library properties.

xfr-file-extension
xfr-file-description Xfrog vegetation graphics
xfr-file-description Files with xfr suffix are in most cases 3D vegetation graphics files from Xfrog modeling tool for Windows.

xfs-file-extension
xfs-file-description Gunbound game data
xfs-file-description An xfs file extension is related to the Gunbound video game. An xfs file contains game data.

xfsf-file-extension
xfsf-file-description BestSync settings
xfsf-file-description Files with xfsf file extension are related to the BestSync program and used for its settings data.

xft-file-extension
xft-file-description Adobe Form Designer form
xft-file-description Files with xft suffix might mostly be found as forms created with Adobe Form Designer 5.0 or older.

xfx-file-extension
xfx-file-description Fax data
xfx-file-description Files with xfx file extension might be found as old fax files. Probably old and obsolete.

xfz-file-extension
xfz-file-description French FlashCards vocabulary file
xfz-file-description The xfz extension files are used by the French FlashCards program as various data file format.

xg0-file-extension
xg0-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index
xg0-file-description An xg0 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox secondary index files.

xg1-file-extension
xg1-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
xg1-file-description Files with the xg1 extension are used by Paradox program. They include some index information.

xg2-file-extension
xg2-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
xg2-file-description Files with xg2 extension are used by Paradox program. They are used as secondary index information files.

xg3-file-extension
xg3-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
xg3-file-description Files with xg3 extension are used by Paradox program. They are used as secondary index information files.

xg4-file-extension
xg4-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
xg4-file-description Files with xg4 extension are used by Paradox program. They are used as secondary index information files.

xg5-file-extension
xg5-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
xg5-file-description Files with xg5 extension are used by the Corel Paradox management system.

xg6-file-extension
xg6-file-description Corel Paradox data
xg6-file-description An xg6 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox relational database system.

xg7-file-extension
xg7-file-description Corel Paradox data
xg7-file-description An xg7 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox database system.

xg8-file-extension
xg8-file-description Corel Paradox data
xg8-file-description An xg8 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox, a relational database management software.

xg9-file-extension
xg9-file-description Corel Paradox data
xg9-file-description An xg9 file extension is related to the Paradox, a relational database management tool.

xga-file-extension
xga-file-description Diamond Mind Baseball game account information
xga-file-description An xga file file extension is related to the Diamond Mind Baseball game account information files.

xgd-file-extension
xgd-file-description Xbox 360 game disc layout
xgd-file-description Files with xgd file extension can be found as layout files a for Xbox 360 game disc.

xgdw-file-extension
xgdw-file-description GDevelop extension
xgdw-file-description An xgdw file extension is related to the GDevelop development tool. An xgdw file contains extension.

xgl-file-extension
xgl-file-description XGL 3D CAD model
xgl-file-description Files with xgl file extension can be generally found as 3D models saved in the XGL 3D CAD model format.

xgll-file-extension
xgll-file-description EASE SpeakerLab text file
xgll-file-description Files with xgll extension are used by the EASE SPeakerLab program.

xgml-file-extension
xgml-file-description Graph Modeling Language XML document
xgml-file-description An xgml file extension is related to the Graph Modeling Language (GML). An xgml file contains graph stored in XML text file format.

xgmml-file-extension
xgmml-file-description XGMML graph
xgmml-file-description An xgmml file extension is related to teh XGMML format used to visualize graphs.

xgo-file-extension
xgo-file-description GeoConcept add-on
xgo-file-description An xgo file extension is related to the GeoConcept, a GIS program. An xgo file stores add-on.

xgp-file-extension
xgp-file-description Xfire Profile Patcher game list file
xgp-file-description Files with xgp extension are used by the Xfire Profile Patcher. They contain list of supported games.

xgs-file-extension
xgs-file-description Disk image
xgs-file-description An xgs file extension is associated with the XGS Disk image file format used by Joshua M. thompson.

xgz-file-extension
xgz-file-description MegaBitz vector drawing
xgz-file-description Files with xgz file extension might be found as some sort of vector drawing from MegaBlitz.

xhb-file-extension
xhb-file-description HomeBank data
xhb-file-description Files with xhb file extension are used for the HomeBank, they include saved data.

xhd-file-extension
xhd-file-description HappyFish data
xhd-file-description An xhd file extension is related to HappyFish software from Thirsty Cow.

xhp-file-extension
xhp-file-description Apache OpenOffice extension help format
xhp-file-description Files with xhp file extension can mainly be found as help files from OpenOffice.org.

xht-file-extension
xht-file-description Extensible HyperText Markup Language document
xht-file-description The xht file extension is related to the Extensible HyperText Markup Language and used for its documents.

xhtm-file-extension
xhtm-file-description Extensible HTML document
xhtm-file-description An xhtm file extension is related to the Extensible HTML markup language. An xhtm file stores document written in XHTML.

xi-file-extension
xi-file-description Fastracker 2.0 instrument
xi-file-description An xi file extension is associated with the Fastracker, a music composing program. An xi file contains instrument.

xia-file-extension
xia-file-description Chiasmus encrypted data
xia-file-description Files with xia file extension can be found as encrypted files from Chiasmus program from Bundesamt für Sicherheit in der Informationstechnik.

xib-file-extension
xib-file-description Apple Interface Builder data
xib-file-description A xib file extension is related to the Apple Interface Builder, a development tool for Apple OS X (macOS) operating system.

xic-file-extension
xic-file-description DIF Freedom data
xic-file-description A file extension xic is related to the DIF Freedom, a trading platform. A xic file contains data.

xid-file-extension
xid-file-description Visual Localize XML import definition
xid-file-description An xid file extension is associated with the Visual Localize XML import definition format.

xif-file-extension
xif-file-description Xerox eXtended Image
xif-file-description Files with xif extension can be typically found as some older images in Xerox eXtended Image file format used to describe document.

xig-file-extension
xig-file-description XML Instance Generator data
xig-file-description Files with xig file extension can be found in relation to XML Instance Generator. XML based file type.

xil-file-extension
xil-file-description Xilize data
xil-file-description A xil file extension is related to the Xilize, a text to HTML translator.

xilinc-file-extension
xilinc-file-description Xilize defintion data
xilinc-file-description A xilinc file extension is related to the Xilize and used for its definition files.

xilize-file-extension
xilize-file-description Xilize configuration
xilize-file-description An xilize file extension is related to the Xilize and used for its configuration files.

xim-file-extension
xim-file-description X11 Xim Toolkit bitmap format
xim-file-description Files with XIM can mostly be found as old bitmap images in X11 bitmap format.

ximg-file-extension
ximg-file-description GEM Raster format
ximg-file-description Files with ximg file extension are used for GEM Raster image format developed by Digital Research.

ximp-file-extension
ximp-file-description XOS export package
ximp-file-description A ximp file extension is related to the XOS export package format.

xin-file-extension
xin-file-description OmniMark include data
xin-file-description A xin file extension is related to the OmniMark, a programming language developed by Stilo. A xin file stores some kind of data written in OmniMark source code.

xip-file-extension
xip-file-description macOS signed compressed archive
xip-file-description A xip file extension is related to archive file format used by Apple to distribute development tools.

xir-file-extension
xir-file-description BackDoor.Generic9.XIR trojan data
xir-file-description An xir file extension is related to the BackDoor.Generic9.XIR format and used for its data.

xise-file-extension
xise-file-description Xilinx ISE project
xise-file-description An xise file extension is related to the Xilinx ISE (ISE Design Suite) and used for its project files.

xiso-file-extension
xiso-file-description Xbox ISO image
xiso-file-description Files with xiso file extension are homebrew ISO images for XBox gaming console.

xit-file-extension
xit-file-description SpatialAnalyzer file
xit-file-description Files with xit suffix can be usually found as data files from SpatialAnalyzer software.

xit64-file-extension
xit64-file-description SpatialAnalyzer data
xit64-file-description Files with xit64 file extension can be found as data files from SpatialAnalyzer software.

xix-file-extension
xix-file-description IIS NNTP subject lists
xix-file-description A xix file extension is related to the subject lists format used by Microsoft IIS.

xiz-file-extension
xiz-file-description Ximinez data
xiz-file-description A xiz file extension is related to the Ximinez and used for its data files.

xjb-file-extension
xjb-file-description OEPE JAXB Wizard bindings data
xjb-file-description An xjb file extension is related to the JAXB (Java Architecture for XML Binding). An xjb file stores binding data.

xjb-drive-id-file-extension
xjb-drive-id-file-description Xtreamer Pro data
xjb-drive-id-file-description An xjb-drive-id file extension is related to the Xtreamer Pro, a multimedia playback device. An xjb-drive-id file stores some kind of data.

xje-file-extension
xje-file-description XJEase source code
xje-file-description An xje file extension is associated with the XJEase programming language and XJDeveloper tool.

xjf-file-extension
xjf-file-description OmniPage data
xjf-file-description An xjf file extension is related to the OmniPage software from Nuance.

xjt-file-extension
xjt-file-description Compressed GIMP image
xjt-file-description An xjt file extension is related to the GIMP and used for tis compressed image files.

xjylzga-file-extension
xjylzga-file-description Unknown file extension
xjylzga-file-description Files with xjylzga file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xkb-file-extension
xkb-file-description X Keyboard extension data
xkb-file-description An xkb file extension is associated with the X Keyboard extension data format.

xkm-file-extension
xkm-file-description X KeyBoard data
xkm-file-description An xkm file extension is related to X KeyBoard an extension for X.

xkp-file-extension
xkp-file-description X-Keys Pro data
xkp-file-description Files with xkp file extension might be found as part of X-Keys Pro programmable devices.

xkr-file-extension
xkr-file-description Sing Magic karaoke song
xkr-file-description An xkr file extension is related to the Sing Magic karaoke song file format. An xkr file contains karaoke song.

xl-file-extension
xl-file-description Microsoft Excel spreadsheet
xl-file-description An xl file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel a spreadsheet editing software. An xl file stores spreadsheet.

xla-file-extension
xla-file-description Microsoft Excel add-in
xla-file-description Files with xla extension are add-ins for Microsoft Excel spreadsheet program. These are small scripts that add additional functionality for the program.

xla5-file-extension
xla5-file-description Microsoft Excel 5 for Mac add-in file
xla5-file-description Detailed description

xla8-file-extension
xla8-file-description Microsoft Excel 98 for Mac add-in file
xla8-file-description Detailed description

xlaa-file-extension
xlaa-file-description Data import aka Dimport translation table
xlaa-file-description Detailed description

xlam-file-extension
xlam-file-description Microsoft Excel Open XML macro-enabled add-in
xlam-file-description Files with xlam extension are special macro-enabled add-ins for Microsoft Excel. Used to add new functions or enhance existing spreadsheets.

xlamenx-file-extension
xlamenx-file-description Egis encrypted Excel XLAM file
xlamenx-file-description Detailed description

xlaunch-file-extension
xlaunch-file-description Xlaunch settings
xlaunch-file-description An xlaunch file extension is related to the Xlaunch, a configuration program for Xming. An xlaunch file stores settings.

xla_-file-extension
xla_-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac add-in file
xla_-file-description Files with xla_ extension are used by the Microsoft Excel program.

xlb-file-extension
xlb-file-description Microsoft Excel toolbars settings
xlb-file-description Files with xlb extension can be mainly found as command toolbars files for Microsoft Excel spreadsheet program.

xlb4-file-extension
xlb4-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac toolbar
xlb4-file-description An xlb4 file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel version 4 for Mac. An xlb4 file contains toolbar settings.

xlb5-file-extension
xlb5-file-description Microsoft Excel 5 for Mac toolbars data
xlb5-file-description Files with xlb5 file extension can be found as toolbars for Microsoft Excel 5 for Mac. Probably old and no longer used.

xlb8-file-extension
xlb8-file-description Microsoft Excel 98 for Mac Toolbars file
xlb8-file-description Detailed description

xlbn-file-extension
xlbn-file-description Microsoft Excel 1 for Mac toolbars
xlbn-file-description An xlbn file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel for Mac. An xlbn file stores toolbars settings.

xlc-file-extension
xlc-file-description Microsoft Excel chart
xlc-file-description An xlc file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor. An xlc file contains chart.

xlc3-file-extension
xlc3-file-description Microsoft Excel 3 for Mac Chart file
xlc3-file-description Detailed description

xlc4-file-extension
xlc4-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac chart
xlc4-file-description An xlc4 file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor. An xlc4 file contains chart.

xlc_-file-extension
xlc_-file-description Microsoft Excel 2 for Mac Chart file
xlc_-file-description Files with xlc_ extension are used by the Microsoft Excel older version of the program.

xld-file-extension
xld-file-description Microsoft Excel dialogue
xld-file-description Files with xld file extension are used for Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor. They include dialogue files.

xldb-file-extension
xldb-file-description AQUA data
xldb-file-description An xldb file extension is related to the AQUA and used for its data files.

xle-file-extension
xle-file-description Cooktop file
xle-file-description An xle file extension is related to the Cooktop, a XML editing software for Windows.

xlf-file-extension
xlf-file-description XLIFF document
xlf-file-description Files with xlf file extension are localizations and translations in the XML Localization Interchange File Format (XLIFF).

xlg-file-extension
xlg-file-description AutoCAD external reference log
xlg-file-description An xlg file extension is associated with the AutoCAD for Windows and Mac. An xlg file contains external reference log.

xli-file-extension
xli-file-description SIEMENS PLM Software NX 7.5 log
xli-file-description Files with xli file extension can be mainly found as log files generated by Siemens NX software.

xline-file-extension
xline-file-description xLine mind map
xline-file-description An xline file extension is related to the xLine mind map files.

xlist-file-extension
xlist-file-description xList document
xlist-file-description Files with xlist file extension are related to the xList document files.

xlk-file-extension
xlk-file-description Microsoft Excel backup
xlk-file-description An xlk file extension is related to Microsoft Excel a spreadsheet editing tool for Microsoft Windows and Apple Mac OS X (macOS). An xlk file stores backup of spreadsheet document.

xlkf-file-extension
xlkf-file-description ABB license key
xlkf-file-description An xlkf file extension is associated with some applications developed by ABB Group. An xlkf file stores license key.

xll-file-extension
xll-file-description Microsoft Excel add-in
xll-file-description Files with xll file extension can be typically found as add-ins for Microsoft Excel spreadsheet editor. Used to add new functions to Excel.

xll_-file-extension
xll_-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac add-in
xll_-file-description An xll_ file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editing tool. An xll_ file contains add-in.

xlm-file-extension
xlm-file-description Microsoft Excel macro
xlm-file-description Files with xlm file extension can be mainly found as macros from Microsoft Excel spreadsheet program.

xlm3-file-extension
xlm3-file-description Microsoft Excel 3 for Mac Macro file
xlm3-file-description Detailed description

xlm4-file-extension
xlm4-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac macro
xlm4-file-description An xlm4 file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor. An xlm4 file contains macro from Excel version 4 for Mac.

xlmv-file-extension
xlmv-file-description Thunder Mall video data
xlmv-file-description An xlmv file extension is related to the Thunder Mail video format used by Xunlei Movie service.

xlmx-file-extension
xlmx-file-description Microsoft Excel macro-enabled spreadsheet file
xlmx-file-description Files with xlmx extension are used for Microsoft Excel. They store macro-enabled spreadsheets.

xlm_-file-extension
xlm_-file-description Microsoft Excel 2 for Mac macro
xlm_-file-description A .xlm_ file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor. A .xlm_ file stores macro.

xlnk-file-extension
xlnk-file-description XML Link
xlnk-file-description An xlnk file extension is related to the XML Link file format.

xlo-file-extension
xlo-file-description Autodesk Inventor export journal data
xlo-file-description An xlo file extension is related to the Autodesk Inventor program. An xlo file stores export journal data.

xlog-file-extension
xlog-file-description Logging XML database log
xlog-file-description Files with xlog file extension can be usually found as some kind of logs for XML databases.

xlp-file-extension
xlp-file-description XL-Paint picture image
xlp-file-description Files with xlp suffix may be occasionally found as old graphics files from a painting program for ATARI 8-bit computers called XL-Paint.

xlpf-file-extension
xlpf-file-description Microsoft Excel for Mac settings
xlpf-file-description An xlpf file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor for Mac and Windows. An xipf file contains settings.

xlr-file-extension
xlr-file-description Microsoft Works spreadsheet or chart
xlr-file-description Files with xlr file extension can be usually found as spreadsheets charts from the old Microsoft Works office suite for Windows.

xls3-file-extension
xls3-file-description Microsoft Excel 3 for Mac spreadsheet file
xls3-file-description Files with xls3 extension are used by the Microsoft Excel program. They were used as spreadsheet files.

xls4-file-extension
xls4-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac spreadsheet
xls4-file-description Files with xls4 file extension were used by older version of Microsoft Excel. They were used for the spreadsheet files.

xls5-file-extension
xls5-file-description Microsoft Excel 5 for Mac spreadsheet
xls5-file-description Files with xls5 file extension are used for Microsoft Excel. This xls5 file was used for Mac version of Excel for spreadsheet files.

xls8-file-extension
xls8-file-description Microsoft Excel 98 for Mac spreadsheet file
xls8-file-description Files with xls8 extension are used by the Microsoft Excel software. The xls8 extensions are used for spreadsheet files.

xlsb-file-extension
xlsb-file-description Microsoft Excel binary workbook
xlsb-file-description Files with xlsb extension is used by Microsoft Excel spreadsheet editor distributed with the Microsoft Office. An xlsb file contains Excel workbook stored in a binary file format (BIFF12). The BIFF12 binary format is used for data that can not be stored in the Open XML text format.

xlsbenx-file-extension
xlsbenx-file-description Unknown file extension
xlsbenx-file-description Files with xlsbenx file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xlse-file-extension
xlse-file-description Document Manager encrypted Excel spreadsheet
xlse-file-description An xlse file extension is related to the Document Manager and used for its encrypted Excel spreadsheet.

xlsenx-file-extension
xlsenx-file-description Egis encrypted Excel XLS spreadsheet
xlsenx-file-description An xlsenx file extension is related to the Egis encrypted Excel XLS spreadsheet format.

xlshtml-file-extension
xlshtml-file-description Microsoft Office Excel HTML document
xlshtml-file-description An xlshtml file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel, a spreadsheet editor for Windows and Mac. An xlshtml file contains Excel HTML document.

xlsl-file-extension
xlsl-file-description Document Manager locked Excel spreadsheet
xlsl-file-description Files with xlsl extension are almost always Microsoft Excel spreadsheets that have been locked (encrypted) by the Document Manager software from WonderFox.

xlsmenx-file-extension
xlsmenx-file-description Unknown file extension
xlsmenx-file-description Files with xlsmenx file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xlsmhtml-file-extension
xlsmhtml-file-description Microsoft Excel MIME HTML spreadsheet
xlsmhtml-file-description Files with xlsmhtml file extension can be typically found as spreadsheets from Microsoft Excel. Specialized MIME HTML format.

xlst-file-extension
xlst-file-description OnlyOffice online office converted xlsx spreadsheet
xlst-file-description Files with xlst file extension are old files from OnlyOffice Online Office converters. Represents a .xlsx file converted for the purposes of the software.

xlsxe-file-extension
xlsxe-file-description Document Manager encrypted Excel spreadsheet
xlsxe-file-description Files with xlsxe file extension are related to the Document Manager program. An xlsxe file contains encrypted Excel spreadsheet.

xlsxenx-file-extension
xlsxenx-file-description Egis encrypted Excel XLSX spreadsheet
xlsxenx-file-description An xlsxenx file extension is related to the Egis, a data encryption program. An xlsxenx file contains encrypted Excel XLSX spreadsheet.

xlsxl-file-extension
xlsxl-file-description Document Manager locked Excel Open XML workbook
xlsxl-file-description An xlsxl file extension is commonly used by Document Manager from WonderFox Soft, Inc.

xls_-file-extension
xls_-file-description Microsoft Excel for Mac spreadsheet
xls_-file-description An xls_ file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel for Mac and used for its spreadsheet files.

xls_aq-file-extension
xls_aq-file-description Unknown file extension
xls_aq-file-description Files with xls_aq file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xlt-file-extension
xlt-file-description Microsoft Excel 97 to 2003 workbook template
xlt-file-description Files with xlt file extension are mainly related to Microsoft Excel spreadsheet editor. An xlt file stores workbook template.

xltb-file-extension
xltb-file-description Unknown file extension
xltb-file-description Files with xltb file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xltbcd-file-extension
xltbcd-file-description XL Toolbox chart design
xltbcd-file-description Files with xltbcd file extension are related to the XL Toolbox chart design format.

xltbsession-file-extension
xltbsession-file-description XL Toolbox session data
xltbsession-file-description Files with xltbsession file extension are related to the XL Toolbox session data.

xlthtml-file-extension
xlthtml-file-description Microsoft Office Excel HTML template
xlthtml-file-description An xlthtml file extension is related to the Microsoft Office Excel, a spreadsheet editor. An xlthtml file contains template.

xltm-file-extension
xltm-file-description Microsoft Excel Open XML macro-enabled workbook template
xltm-file-description Files with xltm file extension workbook templates for latest Microsoft Excel. These files are used to create similarly looking XLSX workbooks.

xlts-file-extension
xlts-file-description Umbraco PRO data
xlts-file-description An xlts file extension is related to data files used by Umbraco PRO CMS system.

xltx-file-extension
xltx-file-description Microsoft Excel Open XML workbook template
xltx-file-description Files with xltx file extension are spreadsheet templates for latest Microsoft Excel program. These files acts as templates to create similarly looking XLSX workbooks.

xlv-file-extension
xlv-file-description Microsoft Excel VBA module
xlv-file-description An xlv file extension is related to Microsoft Excel a spreadsheet editing tool for Microsoft Windows and Apple Mac OS X. An xlv file stores module for Excel written in Visual Basic.

xlw-file-extension
xlw-file-description Microsoft Excel workspace
xlw-file-description Files with xlw file extension generally contain saved workspace for Microsoft Excel programs. These are used by user to save the position to GUI elements and layouts of the screen, so they can use the same settings on different computers.

xlw3-file-extension
xlw3-file-description Microsoft Excel 3 for Mac workbook
xlw3-file-description Files with xlw3 file extension might be found as older spreadsheets from Microsoft Excel 3 for Mac.

xlw4-file-extension
xlw4-file-description Microsoft Excel 4 for Mac workbook file
xlw4-file-description Detailed description

xlw5-file-extension
xlw5-file-description Microsoft Excel 5 for Mac workbook file
xlw5-file-description Detailed description

xlw_-file-extension
xlw_-file-description Microsoft Excel 2 for Mac workbook
xlw_-file-description Files with xlw_ file extension are used by Microsoft Excel. They are used as one of the Excel's spreadsheets file format.

xlx-file-extension
xlx-file-description SAP Xcelsius add-on
xlx-file-description Files with xlx suffix may be mostly encountered as special add-ons for SAP Xcelsius (SAP BusinessObjects Dashboards).

xlxml-file-extension
xlxml-file-description Microsoft Excel XML worksheet file
xlxml-file-description Files with xlxml extension are used for Microsoft Excel program. They include Excel worksheets.

xlz-file-extension
xlz-file-description Crossword Power Tools crossword library
xlz-file-description An xlz file extension is related to the Crossword Power Tools and used for its library files.

xl_-file-extension
xl_-file-description Unknown file extension
xl_-file-description Files with xl_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xm-file-extension
xm-file-description FastTracker 2 instrument module
xm-file-description Files with xm suffix are in most cases audio modules that have been created and saved in the FastTracker 2 program.

xm3-file-extension
xm3-file-description Examiner Corporation assessment item bank
xm3-file-description Files with xm3 file extension are in most cases old data files from some software from Examiner Corporation. Assessment item bank file format.

xma-file-extension
xma-file-description Altaro document
xma-file-description An xma file extension is related to the Altaro software developed by Arieso.

xmap-file-extension
xmap-file-description Xmind 2007 or 2008 workbook
xmap-file-description Files with xmap file extension can be sometimes also found as old workbooks from Xmind mindmapping software version 2007 or 2008.

xmb-file-extension
xmb-file-description Lucas Arts X-Wing mission briefing data
xmb-file-description An xmb file extension is used for X-Wing mission briefing file. They include information displayed during the briefing of a specific mission.

xmbclp-file-extension
xmbclp-file-description X-Mouse Button Control file
xmbclp-file-description The xmbclp file extension is related to the X-Mouse Button Control files.

xmbcs-file-extension
xmbcs-file-description X-Mouse exported profile
xmbcs-file-description Files with xmbcs file extension can be found as exported profiles from X-Mouse Button Control mouse configuration software.

xmbl-file-extension
xmbl-file-description Logger Pro data
xmbl-file-description Files with the xmbl file extension are related to the Logger Pro software for Windows and Mac.

xmc-file-extension
xmc-file-description Lingoes configuration
xmc-file-description An xmc file extension is related to the Lingoes a translation software. An xmc file stores configuration data.

xmcd-file-extension
xmcd-file-description PTC Mathcad worksheet
xmcd-file-description An xmcd file extension is related to the PTC Mathcad, a computing and engineering software. An xmcd file contains worksheet.

xmcdz-file-extension
xmcdz-file-description PTC Mathcad compressed worksheet
xmcdz-file-description An xmcdz file extension is related to the PTC Mathcad a computing and engineering software. An xmcdz file contains compressed worksheet.

xmcf-file-extension
xmcf-file-description FileMaker custom function
xmcf-file-description An xmcf file extension is related to the FileMaker software for Mac and Windows.

xmct-file-extension
xmct-file-description Mathcad template file
xmct-file-description Files with xmct extension are used by the Mathcad program as a document file format.

xmd-file-extension
xmd-file-description GameJack virtual CD or DVD image
xmd-file-description Files with xmd file extension are disk images for old GameJack software. No longer supported.

xmdf-file-extension
xmdf-file-description XMDF e-book
xmdf-file-description Files with xmdf file extension can be found as digital publications and e-books in the ever-eXtending Mobile Document Format. Used in Japan.

xmdx-file-extension
xmdx-file-description SofTest answer data
xmdx-file-description Files with xmdx file extension can be usually found as answer data files used by SofTest program for Windows and Mac.

xme-file-extension
xme-file-description GME data
xme-file-description An xme file extension is related to the GME (Generic Modeling Environment).

xmef-file-extension
xmef-file-description TextMap evidence format
xmef-file-description An xmef file extension is related to the TextMap software. An xmef file contains evidence format.

xmf-file-extension
xmf-file-description CDRWin virtual CD image
xmf-file-description Files with xmf file extension are in most cases disk images created with the use of CDRWin Virtual CD program.

xmfd-file-extension
xmfd-file-description FileMaker Pro data
xmfd-file-description An xmfd file extension is related to the FileMaker Pro, a software for Windows and Mac used to manage databases.

xmfg-file-extension
xmfg-file-description MediaForge Runtime Player distribution project
xmfg-file-description Files with xmfg extension an be found as distribution projects from MediaForge marketing platform.

xmg-file-extension
xmg-file-description The Longest Journey XMG game data
xmg-file-description An xmg file extension is related to The Longest Journey computer game. An xmg file contains game data.

xmi-file-extension
xmi-file-description Miles Sound System extended MIDI audio
xmi-file-description Files with xmi extension can be found as extended MIDI audio files for Miles Sound System.

xmind-file-extension
xmind-file-description XMind workbook
xmind-file-description Files with xmind file extension can be generally found as workbooks from XMind mind mapping and brainstorming software for various platforms.

xmit-file-extension
xmit-file-description IBM XMIT data
xmit-file-description An xmit file extension is associated with the IMB XMIT (IBM TRANSMIT) data file format.

xml-log-file-extension
xml-log-file-description XML log
xml-log-file-description An xml-log file extension is associated with the XML file format used for log files.

xml-prev-file-extension
xml-prev-file-description VirtualBox XML settings backup
xml-prev-file-description An xml-prev file extension is related to the VirtualBox XML settings backup file format.

xmla-file-extension
xmla-file-description XML for Analysis source code
xmla-file-description Files with xmla file extension might be found as XML for Analysis source files.

xmlc-file-extension
xmlc-file-description ASP.NET compiled XML data
xmlc-file-description An xmlc file extension are related to the ASP.NET compiled XML data.

xmljet-file-extension
xmljet-file-description Eclipse JET XML template
xmljet-file-description Files with xmljet file extension are templates for Eclipse development platform.

xmlo-file-extension
xmlo-file-description FileMaker Pro data
xmlo-file-description An xmlo file extension is associated with the FileMaker Pro relational database management app.

xmlper-file-extension
xmlper-file-description LeCroy binary waveform data
xmlper-file-description An xmlper file extension is related to the LeCroy binary waveform file format used by LeCroy oscilloscopes.

xmlr-file-extension
xmlr-file-description ByteShift sitescan result
xmlr-file-description An xmlr file extension is related to the ByteShift SiteScan website scanner. An xmlr file stores scan results.

xmls-file-extension
xmls-file-description Microsoft Excel 2003 XML document
xmls-file-description Files with xmls file extension works with Microsoft Excel 2003, a spreadsheet editing program.

xmltv-file-extension
xmltv-file-description Prog Guide xmltv data
xmltv-file-description An xmltv file extension is related to the Prog Guide software for Windows. An xmltv file stores TV guide.

xmlx-file-extension
xmlx-file-description Excel spreadsheet
xmlx-file-description Files with xmlx extension might be found as renamed Excel xlsx spreadsheets.

xmm-file-extension
xmm-file-description GEX MP3 satellite receiver saved data
xmm-file-description An xmm file extension is related to data files used by GEX MP3 satellite receiver.

xmmap-file-extension
xmmap-file-description MindManager XML mind map
xmmap-file-description An xmmap file extension is associated with the MindManager and used for its mind map files.

xmmas-file-extension
xmmas-file-description MindManager XML theme
xmmas-file-description Files with xmmas file extension can be found as themes from MindManager brainstorming program.

xmmat-file-extension
xmmat-file-description MindManager XML template
xmmat-file-description Files with xmmat file extension can be found as templates from MindManager program.

xmmmp-file-extension
xmmmp-file-description MindManager Pro map part
xmmmp-file-description An xmmmp file extension is related to the MindManager Pro and used for its map parts.

xmn-file-extension
xmn-file-description Sprintometer document
xmn-file-description An xmn file extension is related to the Sprintometer software.

xmo-file-extension
xmo-file-description Adobe Authorware movie driver
xmo-file-description An xmo file extension is related to the Adobe Authorware, a development environment. An xmo file stores movie driver.

xmod-file-extension
xmod-file-description Datawatch Monarch model
xmod-file-description Files with xmod file extension can be in most cases encountered as data models from Datawatch Monarch software.

xmpp-file-extension
xmpp-file-description Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol
xmpp-file-description Files with xmpp file extension can be found as data packages for Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol.

xmps-file-extension
xmps-file-description FICO Xpress Optimizer matrix data
xmps-file-description Files with xmps file suffix are related to the FICO Xpress Optimizer matrix data format.

xmpses-file-extension
xmpses-file-description Adobe Premiere Elements data
xmpses-file-description An xmpses file extension is related to the Adobe Premiere Elements video editing tool. An xmpses file contains information about DVD maker project.

xmpskin-file-extension
xmpskin-file-description XMPlay skin
xmpskin-file-description An xmpskin file extension is related to the XMPlay program. An xmpskin file stores skin used to customize look of XMPlay GUI.

xmptf-file-extension
xmptf-file-description TextMap portable transcript data
xmptf-file-description Files with xmptf file extension are related to the TextMap portable transcript data format.

xmpz-file-extension
xmpz-file-description Miradi XML project
xmpz-file-description An xmpz file extension is associated with the Mirandi software and used for its XML project files.

xms-file-extension
xms-file-description AutoCAD external message
xms-file-description An xms file extension is related to the AutoCAD a 3D modeling tool. An xms file contains external message.

xmsc-file-extension
xmsc-file-description FileMaker script
xmsc-file-description The xmsc file extension is related to the FileMaker script files.

xmss-file-extension
xmss-file-description FileMaker script
xmss-file-description The xmss file extension is related to the FileMaker script files.

xmt-file-extension
xmt-file-description XMind workbook template
xmt-file-description Files with xmt file extension can be found as templates for the XMind brainstorming software. Used to quickly create mindmaps with predefined settings.

xmta-file-extension
xmta-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio XMTA document
xmta-file-description Detailed description

xmtb-file-extension
xmtb-file-description FileMaker table
xmtb-file-description The xmtb file extension is related to the FileMaker a database system.

xmt_bin-file-extension
xmt_bin-file-description Parasolid document binary format
xmt_bin-file-description An xmt_bin file extension is related to the Parasolid 3D CAD modeling tool. An xmt_bin file stores CAD project created in the Parasolid in binary format.

xmt_neu-file-extension
xmt_neu-file-description Parasolid CAD format
xmt_neu-file-description An xmt_neu file extension is used for some format created in Parasolid geometric modeling kernel. An xmt_neu file stores CAD drawing in ASCII text format.

xmt_txt-file-extension
xmt_txt-file-description Parasolid CAD format
xmt_txt-file-description The xmt_txt file extension is used for some format created in Parasolid geometric modeling kernel. The xmt_txt file stores CAD drawing in ASCII text format.

xmu-file-extension
xmu-file-description XWE data
xmu-file-description An xmu file extension is related to the eXtendable Wad Editor software for Windows.

xmv-file-extension
xmv-file-description Microsoft Xbox video data
xmv-file-description An xmv file extension is related to the Xbox video gaming console from Microsoft. An xmv file contains video data.

xmwx-file-extension
xmwx-file-description SofTest working data
xmwx-file-description An xmwx file extension is related to the SofTest, an e-learning program for Windows. An xmwx file contains working data.

xmx-file-extension
xmx-file-description AutoCAD external message compiled data
xmx-file-description An xmx file extension is related to the AutoCAD, a CAD modeling program. An xmx file stores external message compiled data.

xmz-file-extension
xmz-file-description Fasttracker 2 extended audio module
xmz-file-description Files with xmz suffix can mainly be found as audio files from FastTracker 2 program.

xmzx-file-extension
xmzx-file-description SofTest exam data
xmzx-file-description Files with xmzx file extension are used by SoftTest exam file format, developed by ExamSoft.

xm_-file-extension
xm_-file-description Unknown file extension
xm_-file-description Files with xm_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xn-file-extension
xn-file-description Cygnus ld-scripts
xn-file-description Files with xn file suffix are related to the Cygnus environment for Windows. An xn file contains ld-scripts.

xnb-file-extension
xnb-file-description XNA Game Studio Express XNA framework content pipeline binary data
xnb-file-description An xnb file extension is related to the XNA Game Studio Express XNA framework content pipeline binary data format.

xnc-file-extension
xnc-file-description Modbus Slave XNC driver application
xnc-file-description Files with xnc file extension can be found as driver application for Modbus Slave XNC driver.

xnd-file-extension
xnd-file-description exNode download data
xnd-file-description An xnd file extension is related to the exNode and used for its download data.

xnf-file-extension
xnf-file-description Extensible numerical data
xnf-file-description An xnf file extension is related to the Extensible numerical data format.

xnk-file-extension
xnk-file-description Microsoft Exchange shortcut
xnk-file-description Files with xnk file extension is related to the Microsoft Exchange and used for its shortcut files.

xnode-file-extension
xnode-file-description LabVIEW data
xnode-file-description An xnode file extension is related to the LabVIEW software. An xnode file contains some kind of data.

xnote-file-extension
xnote-file-description XNote for Thunderbird preferences
xnote-file-description An xnote file extension is related to the XNote for Thunderbird. An xnote file contains preferences.

xnp-file-extension
xnp-file-description XnView add-on
xnp-file-description Files with xnp file extension can generally be found as add-ons for XnView program.

xnt-file-extension
xnt-file-description PSpice library
xnt-file-description An xnt file extension is related to the PSpice software. An xnt file contains library.

xnv-file-extension
xnv-file-description nVision layout file
xnv-file-description Files with xnv suffix can be typically encountered as layout files from Query and nVision reporting tools.

xnxx-file-extension
xnxx-file-description Spyware file
xnxx-file-description Files with xnxx suffix can be supposedly found as some kind of spyware or virus related files. Should be purged by anti-virus.

xob-file-extension
xob-file-description EasyBuilder 8000 compiled code
xob-file-description Files with xob extension can be most often found as compiled codes from the EasyBuilder 8000 program.

xof-file-extension
xof-file-description RenderMorphics Reality Lab 3D image
xof-file-description A xof file extension is related to the RenderMorphics Reality Lab 3D image format.

xoj-file-extension
xoj-file-description Xournal journal data
xoj-file-description Files with xoj extension are mainly related to the Xournal journal data format.

xojo_binary_menu-file-extension
xojo_binary_menu-file-description Xojo binary menu file
xojo_binary_menu-file-description The *.xojo_binary_menu file extension is related to the Xojo IDE and used for its binary menu files.

xojo_binary_project-file-extension
xojo_binary_project-file-description Xojo binary project
xojo_binary_project-file-description A xojo_binary_project file extension is related to the Xojo IDE. A xojo_binary_project file contains project in binary file format.

xojo_binary_toolbar-file-extension
xojo_binary_toolbar-file-description Xojo binary toolbar file
xojo_binary_toolbar-file-description A xojo_binary_toolbar file extension is commonly used by Xojo binary toolbar file format.

xojo_binary_window-file-extension
xojo_binary_window-file-description Xojo binary window data
xojo_binary_window-file-description A xojo_binary_window file extension is related to the Xojo binary window file format.

xojo_menu-file-extension
xojo_menu-file-description Xojo menu data
xojo_menu-file-description A xojo_menu file extension is related to the Xojo IDE and used for its menu files.

xojo_project-file-extension
xojo_project-file-description Xojo programming project
xojo_project-file-description A xojo_project file extension is related to the Xojo IDE and used for its project files.

xojo_toolbar-file-extension
xojo_toolbar-file-description Xojo toolbar file
xojo_toolbar-file-description A xojo_toolbar file extension is related to the Xojo toolbar file format.

xojo_window-file-extension
xojo_window-file-description Xojo window data
xojo_window-file-description An xojo_window file extension is related to the Xojo IDE and used for its window files.

xojo_xml_menu-file-extension
xojo_xml_menu-file-description Xojo XML menu file
xojo_xml_menu-file-description The *.xojo_xml_menu file extension is related to the Xojo XML menu file format.

xojo_xml_project-file-extension
xojo_xml_project-file-description Xojo XML project
xojo_xml_project-file-description Files with xojo_xml_project file extension are commonly used by Xojo. A xojo_xml_project file contains project.

xojo_xml_toolbar-file-extension
xojo_xml_toolbar-file-description Xojo toolbar settings
xojo_xml_toolbar-file-description Files with xojo_xml_toolbar file extension are related to the Xojo development environment.

xojo_xml_window-file-extension
xojo_xml_window-file-description Xojo XML window data
xojo_xml_window-file-description A xojo_xml_window file extension is related to the Xojo IDE and used for its window files.

xol-file-extension
xol-file-description Swiss Map overlay file
xol-file-description Files with xol extension are used by the Swiss Map software as a map file format.

xom-file-extension
xom-file-description Worms 3D object
xom-file-description A xom file extension is related to the Worms 3D video game and used for its 3d objects.

xoml-file-extension
xoml-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio XOML file
xoml-file-description Files with xoml extension are used by Microsoft Visual Studio program.

xop-file-extension
xop-file-description IGOR Pro add-on
xop-file-description An xop file extension is related to the IGOR Pro and used for its add-on files.

xor-file-extension
xor-file-description Xortool result data
xor-file-description A xor file extension is related to the Xortool and used for its result files.

xos-file-extension
xos-file-description Xaos Tools bitmap image
xos-file-description A xos file extension is related to the Xaos Tools bitmap image file format. Most likely some old format without support.

xot-file-extension
xot-file-description Xenetech Job Output File
xot-file-description Files with xot extension are associated with Xenetech software.

xov-file-extension
xov-file-description RapidForm XOV 3D Inspection/Model data
xov-file-description An xov file extension is related to the Geomagic Verify software and used for its inspection/model files.

xp-file-extension
xp-file-description WindowBlinds temporary data
xp-file-description The xp files extension works with the WindowBlinds, It contains temporary data.

xp0-file-extension
xp0-file-description SecretPhotos Puzzle graphic image
xp0-file-description Files with xp0 file extension can be found as images from SecretPhotos Puzzle program.

xp3-file-extension
xp3-file-description TVP XPK3 Virtual File System data
xp3-file-description Files with xp3 suffix can be often found as part of TVP XPK3 Virtual File System and used by some video games, for example KiriKiri.

xpac-file-extension
xpac-file-description Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing for PC game audio archive
xpac-file-description Files with xpac extension are used for old Sonic & Sega All-Stars kart racing computer game. They store audio data.

xpadder-file-extension
xpadder-file-description Xpadder data
xpadder-file-description An xpadder file extension is related to the Xpadder a mouse and keyboard simulation software.

xpaddercontroller-file-extension
xpaddercontroller-file-description Xpadder controller layout
xpaddercontroller-file-description Files with xpaddercontroller file extension are special, controller layout settings for Xpadder mouse and keyboard simulation software.

xpadderlanguage-file-extension
xpadderlanguage-file-description Xpadder language data
xpadderlanguage-file-description An xpadderlanguage file stores some kind of language data for Xpadder software.

xpadderprofile-file-extension
xpadderprofile-file-description Xpadder settings data
xpadderprofile-file-description Files with xpadderprofile extension contain settings for Xpadder keyboard simulation software.

xpak-file-extension
xpak-file-description XLN audio package
xpak-file-description Files with xpak extension can be found as installation packages for XLN Audio programs.

xpb-file-extension
xpb-file-description XPB! Basic source code
xpb-file-description An xpb file extension is related to XPB! Basic compiler and used for its source code files.

xpb2-file-extension
xpb2-file-description Xerox Fax Utility document
xpb2-file-description An xpb2 file extension is related to the Xerox Fax Utility and used for its document files.

xpc-file-extension
xpc-file-description DSI Action Replay saved code
xpc-file-description An xpc file extension is used by DSi Action Replay cheating software for gaming consoles.

xpcm-file-extension
xpcm-file-description X-Setup Pro code module
xpcm-file-description An xpcm file extension is related to the X-Setup Pro code module format.

xpd-file-extension
xpd-file-description XML pipeline document
xpd-file-description An xpd file extension is related to the XML pipeline document file format.

xpdl-file-extension
xpdl-file-description XML Process Definition Language data
xpdl-file-description An xpdl file extension is related to the XML Process Definition Language file format.

xpf-file-extension
xpf-file-description Linux MultiMedia Studio instrument preset
xpf-file-description There are 8 other file types  usingthe XPF file extension!

xpg-file-extension
xpg-file-description Autoplay Media Studio exported page
xpg-file-description An xpg file extension is related to the Autoplay Media Studio and used for its exported page data.

xpgroup-file-extension
xpgroup-file-description Xpression project group
xpgroup-file-description An xpgroup file extension is related to the Xpression program for Windows. An xpgroup file stores group of projects.

xpgt-file-extension
xpgt-file-description EPUB XML stylesheet page template
xpgt-file-description Files with xpgt extension are associated with XML stylesheet page templates.

xpj-file-extension
xpj-file-description Micro Planner X-Pert project
xpj-file-description An spj file extension is associated with the X-Pert software. An spj file stores project.

xpk-file-extension
xpk-file-description PSpice library
xpk-file-description An xpk file extension is related to PSpice, a circuit simulator. An xpk file contains library.

xpku-file-extension
xpku-file-description Apple Mac OS X universal binary package
xpku-file-description An xpku file extension is associated with the macOS and Mac OS X systems. An xpku file stores universal binary package.

xpl-file-extension
xpl-file-description X-Plane plug-in
xpl-file-description An xpl file extension is related to X-Plane flight simulation computer game. An xpl file stores plugin.

xpl2-file-extension
xpl2-file-description TerraExplorerPro LOD parameter data
xpl2-file-description Files with xpl2 file extension are LOD parameter files creating using the MakeXPL tool from TerraExplorer Pro.

xpm-file-extension
xpm-file-description Image file
xpm-file-description Files with xpm extension can be usually encountered as pictures in X Pixmap (XPM) format, an ASCII-text-based image format used by the X Window System.

xpng-file-extension
xpng-file-description Portable (Public) Network Graphic bitmap file
xpng-file-description Files with xpng extension are new bit-mapped graphics format similar to gif.

xpo-file-extension
xpo-file-description X-port version 1 data
xpo-file-description An xpo file extension is related to the X-port version 1 data format.

xpp-file-extension
xpp-file-description xCOMPOSER.pro multimedia data
xpp-file-description An xpp file extension is related to the xCOMPOSER.pro and used for its multimedia data.

xppl-file-extension
xppl-file-description X-Setup Pro file
xppl-file-description An xppl file extension is related to the X-Setup Pro application for Microsoft Windows.

xpr-file-extension
xpr-file-description PTC Pro/ENGINEER part data
xpr-file-description File with xpr file extension can be mainly found as mechanical parts 3D CAD drawings made using PTC Pro/ENGINEER CAD design suite.

xpr3-file-extension
xpr3-file-description QuarkXpress 3.0 Mac data
xpr3-file-description An xpr3 file extension is related to the QuarkXpress software. An xpr3 file contains data.

xprj-file-extension
xprj-file-description Monarch XML project
xprj-file-description An xprj file extension is related to the Monarch software for Windows. An xprj file contains XML project.

xproj-file-extension
xproj-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio ASP.NET project
xproj-file-description Files with file suffix xproj are associated with the Microsoft Visual Studio ASP.NET projects.

xpse-file-extension
xpse-file-description KNFB Reader data
xpse-file-description An xpse file extension is related to the KNFB Reader software and used for its data files.

xps%7E-file-extension
xps%7E-file-description WindowBlinds temporary data
xps%7E-file-description An xps~ file extension is related to the WindowBlinds and used for its temporary data.

xpt-file-extension
xpt-file-description Firefox XPCOM type library
xpt-file-description Files with xpt file extension are in most cases XPCOM libraries for Mozilla Firefox web browser. Used for internal purposes.

xptheme-file-extension
xptheme-file-description ThemeManager data
xptheme-file-description An xptheme file extension is related to the ThemeManager for Windows from Stardock.

xptin-file-extension
xptin-file-description xpswmm hydrology data
xptin-file-description Files with xptin file extension can be found as hydrology data files from xpswmm software from XP solutions.

xpu-file-extension
xpu-file-description IBM SiteProtector update
xpu-file-description An xpu file extension is related to the IBM SiteProtector and used for its update files.

xpv-file-extension
xpv-file-description Integral video data
xpv-file-description Files with xpv file extension are generally video files recorded by some Integral security system. Can be played with Integral Media Player.

xpw-file-extension
xpw-file-description Accessible FormNet fillable form
xpw-file-description An xpw file extension is related to the Accessible Formnet program. An xpw file contains fillable form.

xpwe-file-extension
xpwe-file-description PriMus XML exchange document
xpwe-file-description An xpwe file extension is related to the PriMus XML exchange document file format.

xpx-file-extension
xpx-file-description Intercon FormNet data
xpx-file-description Files with xpx file extension can be often found as some kind of data files used in Intercon FormNet form designing tool.

xpxg-file-extension
xpxg-file-description ProxyGen data
xpxg-file-description An xpxg file extension is related to the ProxyGen program from Progress Software.

xpy-file-extension
xpy-file-description MarketBrowser data
xpy-file-description Files with xpy file extension can be found as files from the MarketBrowser research, analysis and stock monitor software.

xpz-file-extension
xpz-file-description GeneXus data
xpz-file-description An xpz file extension is associated with the GeneXus software for Windows. An xpz file contains data.

xp%7E-file-extension
xp%7E-file-description WindowBlinds temporary data
xp%7E-file-description An xp~ file extension is related to the WindowBlinds, program for Microsoft Windows. An xp~ file contains temporary data.

xq-file-extension
xq-file-description Oxygen XML Editor data
xq-file-description The xq file extension is related to the Oxygen XML Editor software for Microsoft Windows.

xqd-file-extension
xqd-file-description Seiko microscope image
xqd-file-description Files with xqd extension can be found as special microscope images from Seiko devices. Special raw image with microscope metadata.

xqf-file-extension
xqf-file-description Seiko microscope image
xqf-file-description Files with xqf file extension can be found as special microscope images from Seiko devices. Special raw image with microscope metadata.

xql-file-extension
xql-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio xml data
xql-file-description An xql file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its xml files.

xqm-file-extension
xqm-file-description Oxygen XML Editor XQuery document
xqm-file-description An xqm file extension is related to the Oxygen XML Editor XQuery documents.

xqp-file-extension
xqp-file-description I-Doser temporary data
xqp-file-description Files with xqp file extension are associated with the I-Doser program. An xqp file contains temporary data.

xqr-file-extension
xqr-file-description XML Query Language for DB2 data
xqr-file-description An xqr file extension is related to the XML Query Language for IBM DB2 database software.

xqt-file-extension
xqt-file-description SuperCalc macro spreadsheet file
xqt-file-description Files with xqt extension are used by the SuperCalc program. They include some spreadsheet data with macros.

xquery-file-extension
xquery-file-description Oxygen XML Editor data
xquery-file-description An xquery file extension is related to the Oxygen XML Editor files.

xqy-file-extension
xqy-file-description oXygen XML Editor data
xqy-file-description An xqy file extension is related to the oXygen XML Editor.

xr-file-extension
xr-file-description Cygnus ld-scripts data
xr-file-description An xr file extension is related to the Cygwin, a Linux like environment for Windows. An xr file contains ld-scripts.

xr1-file-extension
xr1-file-description Xargon game data
xr1-file-description An xr1 file extension is related to the Xargon a platform computer game from Epic.

xr2-file-extension
xr2-file-description xrecode II registration
xr2-file-description An xr2 file extension is related to the xrecode II audio converter and audio grabber.

xr21-file-extension
xr21-file-description xrecode file
xr21-file-description The xr21 file extension is related to the xrecode and used for its data files.

xrb-file-extension
xrb-file-description JAVA language translation XML format
xrb-file-description An xrb file extension is related to the JAVA language translation XML format used by Apache OpenOffice.org.

xrc-file-extension
xrc-file-description wxWidgets wxPython resource file
xrc-file-description The xrc file extension is related to wxWidgets program.

xrd-file-extension
xrd-file-description Core Wars data
xrd-file-description An xrd file extension is related to the Core Wars programming computer game.

xrdml-file-extension
xrdml-file-description PANalytical XRD measurement XML data
xrdml-file-description Files with xrdml extension are related to the PANalytical XRD measurement data XML file format.

xrds-file-extension
xrds-file-description eXtensible Resource Descriptor Sequence format
xrds-file-description An xrds file extension is related to the eXtensible Resource Descriptor Sequence file format.

xref-file-extension
xref-file-description IBM AIX cross reference data
xref-file-description An xref file extension is related to the IBM AIX cross reference data format.

xrf-file-extension
xrf-file-description WordSearch cross reference file
xrf-file-description Files with xrf extension are used for WORDSearch application. They contain some internal data.

xrff-file-extension
xrff-file-description Weka extensible attribute relation data
xrff-file-description An xrff file extension is related to the Weka, a data mining tool. An xrff file contains extensible attribute relation data.

xrl-file-extension
xrl-file-description Rapidform XOR/XOS 3D scan CAD data
xrl-file-description An xrl file extension is related to the Rapidform XOR/XOS 3D scan data CAD file format.

xrm-ms-file-extension
xrm-ms-file-description Microsoft security certificate
xrm-ms-file-description Files with xrm-ms file extension are commonly used by Microsoft Windows operating system. An xrm-ms file stores security certificate.

xrns-file-extension
xrns-file-description Extended Renoise song
xrns-file-description An xrns file extension is related to the Extended Renoise song file format.

xrp-file-extension
xrp-file-description RationalPlan data
xrp-file-description An xrp file extension is related to the RationalPlan software.

xrs-file-extension
xrs-file-description RealPlayer plugin external resources
xrs-file-description Files with xrs file extension can be found as RealPlayer plugins with external resources.

xrx-file-extension
xrx-file-description Expression Encoder media profile settings
xrx-file-description Files with xrx file extension can be found as media profile settings from Microsoft Expression Encoder.

xry-file-extension
xry-file-description XRY data file
xry-file-description Files with xry file extension can be usually found as data files from XRY forensic software.

xs-file-extension
xs-file-description Hummingbird Exceed data
xs-file-description Files with xs file extension can be found as part of Exceed platform.

xs4-file-extension
xs4-file-description XESS worksheet
xs4-file-description Files with xs4 extension are used for XESS. They include spreadsheet data.

xs5-file-extension
xs5-file-description XESS worksheet file
xs5-file-description Files with xs5 extension are used by the XESS program to store spreadsheet data created by the program.

xsb-file-extension
xsb-file-description XACT sound bank
xsb-file-description Files with xsb file extension can be mostly encountered as special sound banks generated using XACT (Cross-Platform Audio Creation Tool) from Microsoft.

xsc-file-extension
xsc-file-description XML schema
xsc-file-description An xsc file extension is related to the XML schema files.

xscscpt-file-extension
xscscpt-file-description Transcribe! script
xscscpt-file-description The xscscpt file extension is related to the Transcribe! script files.

xsdif-file-extension
xsdif-file-description Altova DiffDog schema
xsdif-file-description An xsdif file extension is related to the Altova DiffDog tool for Microsoft Windows. An xsdif file stores schema.

xsf-file-extension
xsf-file-description Microsoft Office InfoPath form definition
xsf-file-description An xsf file extension is associated with the Microsoft Office InfoPath application for creating electronic forms. These xsf files stores form definitions.

xsh-file-extension
xsh-file-description Xshade data
xsh-file-description An xsh file extension is related to the Xshade software. An xsh file contains 3D model package.

xsi-file-extension
xsi-file-description SOFTIMAGE|XSI 3D model
xsi-file-description Files with xsi suffix can be mainly found as 3D model files created using SOFTIMAGE|XSI 3D modeling tool.

xsiaddon-file-extension
xsiaddon-file-description SOFTIMAGE  XSI add-on file
xsiaddon-file-description Files with xsiaddon extension are used by SOFTIMAGE XSI software as an addon files.

xsig-file-extension
xsig-file-description eCofirma electronic sign
xsig-file-description Files with xsig file extension are related to the eCofirma application from Spanish government.

xslb-file-extension
xslb-file-description Microsoft Excel data
xslb-file-description An xslb file extension is related to the Microsoft Excel spreadsheet editor for Windows and Mac.

xslic-file-extension
xslic-file-description XenServer license
xslic-file-description An xslic file extension is related to the XenServer and used for its license files.

xsm-file-extension
xsm-file-description eXtra Simple Music file
xsm-file-description Files with xsm extension are associated with eXtra Simple Music audio format.

xsml-file-extension
xsml-file-description iRomplerMap audio
xsml-file-description An xsml file extension is related to the iRomplerMap audio file format.

xsn-file-extension
xsn-file-description Microsoft Office InfoPath template form
xsn-file-description An xsn file extension is used for template forms for Microsoft Office InfoPath. Templates are used to quickly create documents with same style and settings. Used in several editions of InfoPath.

xso-file-extension
xso-file-description Expresso project
xso-file-description An xso file extension is related to the Expresso, a regular expression development progrma. An xso file stores project.

xsoem-file-extension
xsoem-file-description XenServer data
xsoem-file-description Files with xsoem file extension are associated with XenServer files.

xsp-file-extension
xsp-file-description Autodesk existing ground section data pointer
xsp-file-description An xsp file extension is related to the Autodesk existing ground section data pointer file format.

xspf-file-extension
xspf-file-description XML Shareable Playlist Format
xspf-file-description Files with xspf file extension are typically multimedia playlist saved in the XML Shareable Playlist Format. Designed for both personal computers and portable devices.

xsprl-file-extension
xsprl-file-description X-Setup Pro data
xsprl-file-description An xsprl file extension is related to the X-Setup Pro files.

xsprla-file-extension
xsprla-file-description X-Setup Pro data
xsprla-file-description An xsprla file extension is related to the X-Setup Pro software. An xsprla file stores some kind of data.

xsql-file-extension
xsql-file-description Oracle XSQL Servlet server side data
xsql-file-description An xsql file stores some kind of data used by Oracle XSQL Servlet and used for its server side files.

xsr-file-extension
xsr-file-description GEOPAK XS-List report
xsr-file-description An xsr file extension is related to the GEOPAK Civil Engineering Suite. An xsr file contains GEOPAK XS-List report data.

xss-file-extension
xss-file-description Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove database
xss-file-description An xss file extension is database file used for Groove. They are used for many reasons by the app.

xsslog-file-extension
xsslog-file-description Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove log
xsslog-file-description An xsslog file extension is related to the Microsoft Groove, collaboration software. An xsslog file contains log.

xssr-file-extension
xssr-file-description Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove data
xssr-file-description Files with xssr file extension are related to the Microsoft SharePoint WorkSpace Groove.

xst-file-extension
xst-file-description Microsoft Outlook personal folders
xst-file-description An xst file extension is associated with the Microsoft Outlook, a personal information manager and e-mail client for Windows and Mac. An xst file contains personal folders.

xstb-file-extension
xstb-file-description TextBridge data
xstb-file-description An xstb file extension is related to the TextBridge software from Nuance and used for its data files.

xstk-file-extension
xstk-file-description xStarter Task data
xstk-file-description An xstk file extension is related to the xStarter Task Scheduler, a time management tool. An xstk file contains data.

xsu-file-extension
xsu-file-description Fortran 77 library
xsu-file-description An xsu file extension is related to the Fortran 77 programming language. An xsu file contains library.

xsupdate-file-extension
xsupdate-file-description XenServer update
xsupdate-file-description An xsupdate file extension is related to the XenServer update files.

xsvf-file-extension
xsvf-file-description Xilinx serial vector format
xsvf-file-description An xsvf file extension is related to the Xilinx serial vector format used by Xilinx.

xsw-file-extension
xsw-file-description Milnta APL transfer function data
xsw-file-description Files with xsw file extension an be found as transfer function files from Milinta APL.

xsx-file-extension
xsx-file-description Microsoft Visual Studio XML schema layout
xsx-file-description An xsx file extension is related to the Microsoft Visual Studio and used for its XML schema layout data.

xsym-file-extension
xsym-file-description CodeWarrior xSYM data
xsym-file-description An xsym file extension is related to the CodeWarrior, an integrated development environment. An xsym file contains data.

xsz-file-extension
xsz-file-description ZynAddSubFX standalone scale data
xsz-file-description An xsz file extension is related to the ZynAddSubFX software and used for its standalone scale files.

xs_-file-extension
xs_-file-description Unknown file extension
xs_-file-description Files with xs_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xt-file-extension
xt-file-description FastTracker music track file
xt-file-description Files with xt extension are used for FastTracker as its music file format.

xtabs-file-extension
xtabs-file-description CFi Explorer tabset data
xtabs-file-description An xtabs file extension is related to the CFi Explorer tabset files.

xtbl-file-extension
xtbl-file-description Saints Rows 4 mod
xtbl-file-description Files with xtbl extension are in most cases mod files for Saints Rows 4 computer game.

xtc-file-extension
xtc-file-description XTrkCAD project
xtc-file-description An xtc file extension is related to the XTrkCAD software. An xtc file contains project.

xtd-file-extension
xtd-file-description XML type definition file
xtd-file-description Files with xtd extension are xml type definition files. They contain document data.

xte-file-extension
xte-file-description LabChip XTe data
xte-file-description Files with xte file suffix are associated with the LabChip XTe data format.

xtea-file-extension
xtea-file-description XTEA encyrpted data
xtea-file-description Files with xtea file suffix are associated with the XTEA and used for its encrypted data.

xterme-file-extension
xterme-file-description Winstep Extreme theme
xterme-file-description An xtreme file extension is related to the Winstep Extreme program. An xtreme file contains theme.

xtf-file-extension
xtf-file-description eXtended Triton format
xtf-file-description Files with xtf extension can be usually found as hydrographic survey data files saved in eXtended Triton format.

xtg-file-extension
xtg-file-description QuarkXpress tags data
xtg-file-description An xtg file extension is related to the QuarkXpress, a software for editing complex page layouts. An xtg file contains tags data.

xtic-file-extension
xtic-file-description ActivInspire ticker
xtic-file-description An xtic file extension is related to the ActivInspire and used for its ticker files.

xtk-file-extension
xtk-file-description X-Ray Toolkit metadata
xtk-file-description An xtk file extension is related to the X-Ray Toolkit metadata format.

xtl-file-extension
xtl-file-description Vietcong game data
xtl-file-description An xtl file extension is related to the Vietcong computer game. An xtl file stores game data.

xtm-file-extension
xtm-file-description CmapTools exported topic map file
xtm-file-description An xtm file extension is related to the CmapTools and used for its exported topic map files.

xtml-file-extension
xtml-file-description XML4web virtual HTML document
xtml-file-description An xtml file extension is related to the XML4web content management system and it is used for its virtual HTML documents.

xtmp-file-extension
xtmp-file-description Avid Xpress Pro template file
xtmp-file-description Files with xtmp extension are used for Xpress Pro video software. They include template files for Xpress Pro.

xtnd-file-extension
xtnd-file-description Adobe Acrobat for Mac Plug-In file
xtnd-file-description Detailed description

xtodvd-file-extension
xtodvd-file-description ConvertXtoDVD project
xtodvd-file-description Files with xtodvd file extension can be found as DVD projects made using the ConvertXtoDVD converting software.

xtp-file-extension
xtp-file-description XTreeGold overlay
xtp-file-description Files with xtp file extension could also in the past be found in XTreeGold for DOS file manager directory. Overlay file.

xtp2-file-extension
xtp2-file-description Microsoft InfoPath template
xtp2-file-description An xtp2 file extension is related to the Microsoft InfoPath software. An xtp2 file contains template.

xtps-file-extension
xtps-file-description xTeam document
xtps-file-description An xtps file extension is related to the xTeam schedule management software. An xtps file stores document from xTeam.

xtr-file-extension
xtr-file-description Xtreamer media streamer firmware upgrade
xtr-file-description Files with xtr file extension can be often found as firmware update files for Xtreamer media streaming devices.

xtra-file-extension
xtra-file-description Adobe Director Xtra data
xtra-file-description Files with xtra file suffix are related to the Adobe Director Xtra data format used by Mac version of Director.

xtreme-file-extension
xtreme-file-description Winstep Xtreme theme pack
xtreme-file-description Files with xtreme file extension are related to Winstep Extreme, a desktop customization program and used for its theme files. Used to change the design of Windows desktop.

xtrl-file-extension
xtrl-file-description XTND Translator data
xtrl-file-description An xtrl file extension is related to the ClarisWorks XTND Translator.

xts-file-extension
xts-file-description IMPS data file
xts-file-description Files with xts suffix seems to be in most cases related to the Integrated Microcomputer Processing System.

xtt-file-extension
xtt-file-description X TimeTable data
xtt-file-description An xtt file extension is related to the X TimeTable data format.

xtu-file-extension
xtu-file-description Intel Extreme Tuning Utility data
xtu-file-description An xtu file extension is related to the Intel Extreme Tuning Utility and used for its data.

xtx-file-extension
xtx-file-description xText source data
xtx-file-description An xtx file extension is related to the xText and used for its source files.

xtxt-file-extension
xtxt-file-description Xtext data
xtxt-file-description An xtxt file extension is related to the Xtext and used for its source files.

xui-file-extension
xui-file-description Xbox 360 skin file
xui-file-description Files with xui extension are associated with Xbox 360 skins. They contain customized Xbox 360 interface settings data.

xul-file-extension
xul-file-description Firefox XML User Interface Language
xul-file-description Files with xul file extension are related XML User Interface Language and used for its default file format.

xur-file-extension
xur-file-description Xbox 360 compiled skin
xur-file-description An xur file extension is related to the Xbox 360 video gaming console  and used for its compiled skin files.

xus-file-extension
xus-file-description UpdateStar data
xus-file-description An xus file extension is related to the UpdateStar software.

xv-file-extension
xv-file-description Khoros Visualization bitmap image
xv-file-description Files with xv file extension can be sometimes encountered as very old pictures in Khoros Visualization bitmap image format.

xv0-file-extension
xv0-file-description XVL assembly data
xv0-file-description An xv0 file extension is associated with the XVL assembly file format used by XVL Studio Pro.

xv2-file-extension
xv2-file-description V-XVL geometry data
xv2-file-description Files with xv2 extension can be typically encountered as V-XVL geometry files from XVL Studio PRO.

xv3-file-extension
xv3-file-description P-XVL geometry data
xv3-file-description Files with xv3 extension can be typically found 3D model data files in the P-XVL geometry format from Lattice Technology.

xva-file-extension
xva-file-description Citrix Xen Virtual Appliance data
xva-file-description An xva file extension is related to the XenServer a server virtualization platform.

xvag-file-extension
xvag-file-description Sony PlayStation 3 audio
xvag-file-description A xvag file extension is related to the Sony PlayStation 3 video gaming console and used for its audio files.

xvas-file-extension
xvas-file-description XWE file
xvas-file-description An xvas file extension is related to the eXtendable Wad Editor and used for its data files.

xvc-file-extension
xvc-file-description MATlab data
xvc-file-description An xvc file extension is related to the MATlab software and used for its data files.

xvd-file-extension
xvd-file-description Xbox One virtual disk
xvd-file-description Files with xvd extension are commonly used by Xbox One video gaming console from Microsoft. An xvd file contains virtual disk.

xvg-file-extension
xvg-file-description Grace document
xvg-file-description An xvg file extension is related to the Grace plotting tool for various operating systems. An xvg file contains document written in Grace.

xvi-file-extension
xvi-file-description Xbox One virtual disk info
xvi-file-description An xvi file extension is related to the Xbox One virtual disk info format.

xvid-file-extension
xvid-file-description XviD Codec
xvid-file-description XVID is not a file extension and not even a file format. It is a video codec library based in MPEG-4.

xvl-file-extension
xvl-file-description eXtensible virtual world description language file
xvl-file-description Files with xvl suffix are 3D graphics files saved in eXtensible virtual world description language format. Used by Lattice Technology software.

xvm-file-extension
xvm-file-description VMware console configuration
xvm-file-description An xvm file extension is related to the VMware console configuration files.

xvmconf-file-extension
xvmconf-file-description World of Tanks configuration
xvmconf-file-description An xvmconf file extension is related to the World of Tanks, an action strategic computer game. An xvmconf file stores configuration data.

xvo-file-extension
xvo-file-description ratDVD internal data
xvo-file-description An xvo file extension is related to the ratDVD and used for its internal files.

xvp-file-extension
xvp-file-description Xview package
xvp-file-description Files with xvp file extension are packages created using old widget toolkit from Sun. The program was released around 1988 so most likely no longer used.

xvrml-file-extension
xvrml-file-description eXtensible Virtual Reality Modeling Language format
xvrml-file-description An xvrml file extension is related to the eXtensible Virtual Reality Modeling Language format.

xvs-file-extension
xvs-file-description Xview scene package
xvs-file-description An xvs file extension is related to the Xview and used for its scene package files.

xvu-file-extension
xvu-file-description BOClean database
xvu-file-description An xvu file extension is related to the BOClean software from Comodo and used for its database files.

xvv-file-extension
xvv-file-description Placevent 3D-RISM results data
xvv-file-description An xvv file extension is related to the Placevent 3D-RISM results data file format.

xvw-file-extension
xvw-file-description XVW export file
xvw-file-description Files with xvw suffix can be often found as some kind of output files in XVW export file format developed by eLine Technology.

xvz-file-extension
xvz-file-description MATlab data
xvz-file-description An xvz file extension is related to the MATlab software from MathWorks.

xwav-file-extension
xwav-file-description XWE data
xwav-file-description An xwav file extension is related to the XWE software for Windows.

xwb-file-extension
xwb-file-description XACT wave bank data
xwb-file-description An xwb file extension is related to the XACT wave bank file format used by Microsoft Cross-Platform Audio Creation Tool.

xwc-file-extension
xwc-file-description Starbreeze sound data
xwc-file-description An xwc file extension is related to some video games from Starbreeze Studios. An xwc file contains sound data.

xwd-file-extension
xwd-file-description X Window window screen dump or bitmap
xwd-file-description Files with xwd file extension can be mainly found as pictures or screen dumps saved in format specific for the X Window system.

xweb3asax-file-extension
xweb3asax-file-description Microsoft Expression Web web app
xweb3asax-file-description Files with xweb3asax file extension are associated with the Microsoft Expression Web web apps.

xweb3asmx-file-extension
xweb3asmx-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3asmx-file-description The xweb3asmx file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web and used for its data files.

xweb3bot-file-extension
xweb3bot-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3bot-file-description An xweb3bot file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb3config-file-extension
xweb3config-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3config-file-description The xweb3config file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb3css-file-extension
xweb3css-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3css-file-description The xweb3css file contains data used by Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3doclib-file-extension
xweb3doclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3doclib-file-description An xweb3doclib file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3edited-file-extension
xweb3edited-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3edited-file-description An xweb3edited file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web file format.

xweb3homeop-file-extension
xweb3homeop-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3homeop-file-description An xweb3homeop file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3homepg-file-extension
xweb3homepg-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3homepg-file-description Files with xweb3homepg file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb3htm-file-extension
xweb3htm-file-description Microsoft Expression Web HTML document
xweb3htm-file-description An xweb3htm file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web HTML document format.

xweb3html-file-extension
xweb3html-file-description Microsoft Expression Web HTML file
xweb3html-file-description An xweb3html file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web HTML files.

xweb3htt-file-extension
xweb3htt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3htt-file-description The xweb3htt file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web.

xweb3js-file-extension
xweb3js-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3js-file-description Files with xweb3js file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3linkbar-file-extension
xweb3linkbar-file-description Microsoft Expression Web package linkbar
xweb3linkbar-file-description An xweb3linkbar file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web package linkbar files.

xweb3list-file-extension
xweb3list-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3list-file-description An xweb3list file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software for Microsoft Windows used to create web apps.

xweb3listdata-file-extension
xweb3listdata-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3listdata-file-description An xweb3listdata file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web and used for its data files.

xweb3master-file-extension
xweb3master-file-description Microsoft Expression Web master page
xweb3master-file-description Files with xweb3master file suffix are associated with the Microsoft Expression Web. An xweb3master file contains master page.

xweb3nav-file-extension
xweb3nav-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3nav-file-description The xweb3nav file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3nopub-file-extension
xweb3nopub-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb3nopub-file-description Files with xweb3nopub file suffix are related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3open-file-extension
xweb3open-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3open-file-description An xweb3open file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web a development tool for Windows.

xweb3piclib-file-extension
xweb3piclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3piclib-file-description The xweb3piclib file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web a web designing tool.

xweb3resx-file-extension
xweb3resx-file-description Microsoft Expression Web managed resources
xweb3resx-file-description Files with file suffix xweb3resx are related to the Microsoft Expression Web managed resources.

xweb3shtm-file-extension
xweb3shtm-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3shtm-file-description An xweb3shtm file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3shtml-file-extension
xweb3shtml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web 3 file
xweb3shtml-file-description An xweb3shtml file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3sitemap-file-extension
xweb3sitemap-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3sitemap-file-description An xweb3sitemap file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web.

xweb3skin-file-extension
xweb3skin-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3skin-file-description The xweb3skin file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web and used for its data files.

xweb3stm-file-extension
xweb3stm-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3stm-file-description An xweb3stm file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web web development tool.

xweb3survey-file-extension
xweb3survey-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3survey-file-description An xweb3survey file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3theme-file-extension
xweb3theme-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3theme-file-description An xweb3theme file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3txt-file-extension
xweb3txt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3txt-file-description An xweb3txt file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3unknown-file-extension
xweb3unknown-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3unknown-file-description An xweb3unknown file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb3web-file-extension
xweb3web-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3web-file-description An xweb3web file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web and used for its data files.

xweb3wfdoclib-file-extension
xweb3wfdoclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3wfdoclib-file-description An xweb3wfdoclib file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb3xml-file-extension
xweb3xml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb3xml-file-description An xweb3xml file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software for Windows.

xweb3xoml-file-extension
xweb3xoml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3xoml-file-description An xweb3xoml file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web software for Microsoft Windows.

xweb3xsl-file-extension
xweb3xsl-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb3xsl-file-description An xweb3xsl file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software for Microsoft Windows.

xweb3xslt-file-extension
xweb3xslt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb3xslt-file-description An xweb3xslt file suffix is related to the Microsoft Expression Web data.

xweb4asax-file-extension
xweb4asax-file-description Microsoft Expression Web server app
xweb4asax-file-description Files with xweb4asax suffix are related to the Microsoft Expression Web application.

xweb4asmx-file-extension
xweb4asmx-file-description Microsoft Expression Web ASP.NET web service
xweb4asmx-file-description An xweb4asmx file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web tool. The xweb4asmx file contains ASP.NET web service.

xweb4bot-file-extension
xweb4bot-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb4bot-file-description An xweb4bot file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb4config-file-extension
xweb4config-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4config-file-description An xweb4config file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb4css-file-extension
xweb4css-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4css-file-description An xweb4css file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb4doclib-file-extension
xweb4doclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web document library
xweb4doclib-file-description Files with xweb4doclib file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web document libraries.

xweb4edited-file-extension
xweb4edited-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4edited-file-description Files with xweb4edited file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb4homeop-file-extension
xweb4homeop-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4homeop-file-description An xweb4homeop file extension is related to Microsoft Expression Web application for Windows.

xweb4homepg-file-extension
xweb4homepg-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4homepg-file-description An xweb4homepg file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb4htm-file-extension
xweb4htm-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4htm-file-description An xweb4htm file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb4html-file-extension
xweb4html-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb4html-file-description An xweb4html file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software for Windows.

xweb4htt-file-extension
xweb4htt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web hypertext template
xweb4htt-file-description An xweb4htt file extension is related to Microsoft Expression Web development software.

xweb4js-file-extension
xweb4js-file-description Microsoft Expression Web JScript script
xweb4js-file-description Files with xweb4js file suffix are related to the Microsoft Expression Web JScript scripts.

xweb4linkbar-file-extension
xweb4linkbar-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4linkbar-file-description The xweb4linkbar file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb4list-file-extension
xweb4list-file-description Microsoft Expression Web package list
xweb4list-file-description Files with xweb4list file extension are related to the Microsoft Expression Web package lists.

xweb4listdata-file-extension
xweb4listdata-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb4listdata-file-description An xweb4listdata file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb4master-file-extension
xweb4master-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb4master-file-description An xweb4master file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web a software for Microsoft Windows.

xweb4nav-file-extension
xweb4nav-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4nav-file-description Files with xweb4nav extension are commonly used by Microsoft Expression Web tool.

xweb4nopub-file-extension
xweb4nopub-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4nopub-file-description The xweb4nopub file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb4open-file-extension
xweb4open-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4open-file-description An xweb4open file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web software for Windows.

xweb4piclib-file-extension
xweb4piclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4piclib-file-description An xweb4piclib file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb4resx-file-extension
xweb4resx-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4resx-file-description An xweb4resx file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb4shtm-file-extension
xweb4shtm-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb4shtm-file-description An xweb4shtm file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web. An xweb4shtm file contains data.

xweb4shtml-file-extension
xweb4shtml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web shtml document
xweb4shtml-file-description Files with xweb4shtml file suffix are associated with the Microsoft Expression Web shtml document format.

xweb4sitemap-file-extension
xweb4sitemap-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4sitemap-file-description The xweb4sitemap file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web.

xweb4skin-file-extension
xweb4skin-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4skin-file-description An xweb4skin file extension is associated with the Microsoft Expression Web application.

xweb4stm-file-extension
xweb4stm-file-description Microsoft Expression Web STM document
xweb4stm-file-description Files with xweb4stm file extension are related to Microsoft Expression Web STM documents.

xweb4survey-file-extension
xweb4survey-file-description Microsoft Expression Web survey data
xweb4survey-file-description Files with file extension xweb4survey are associated with the Microsoft Expression Web survey data format.

xweb4txt-file-extension
xweb4txt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web text data
xweb4txt-file-description Files with xweb4txt file suffix are associated with the Microsoft Expression Web text data.

xweb4unknown-file-extension
xweb4unknown-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4unknown-file-description An xweb4unknown file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb4web-file-extension
xweb4web-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4web-file-description An xweb4web file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web a software for Windows.

xweb4wfdoclib-file-extension
xweb4wfdoclib-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb4wfdoclib-file-description An xweb4wfdoclib file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web software.

xweb4xml-file-extension
xweb4xml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web data
xweb4xml-file-description An xweb4xml file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web XML documents.

xweb4xoml-file-extension
xweb4xoml-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4xoml-file-description The xweb4xoml file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb4xsl-file-extension
xweb4xsl-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4xsl-file-description An xweb4xsl file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xweb4xslt-file-extension
xweb4xslt-file-description Microsoft Expression Web file
xweb4xslt-file-description An xweb4xslt file extension is related to the Microsoft Expression Web files.

xwf-file-extension
xwf-file-description OmniPage workflow
xwf-file-description Files with xwf file extension are mostly workflow data files from the OmniPage software. Used by Workflow Assistant utility within OmniPage.

xwi-file-extension
xwi-file-description Star Wars: X-Wing mission data
xwi-file-description An xwi file extension is related to the Star Wars: X-Wing video game. An xwi file stores mission data.

xwk-file-extension
xwk-file-description Crosstalk Keyboard mapping file
xwk-file-description Detailed description

xwlt1-file-extension
xwlt1-file-description eWallet data
xwlt1-file-description An xwlt1 file extension is related to the eWallet software for Microsoft Windows.

xwm-file-extension
xwm-file-description The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim music
xwm-file-description Files with xwm extension are audio files that can be found inside BSA archives from games produced by Bethesda (TSE series). Looks like variant of xWMA format.

xwma-file-extension
xwma-file-description xWMA audio compression format
xwma-file-description An xwma file extension is related to the xWMA audio compression format used by XAudio2 and XATC software.

xwmv-file-extension
xwmv-file-description Microsoft Windows media data
xwmv-file-description An xwmv file extension is related to the Microsoft Windows Media Player. An xwmv file contains media data.

xwp-file-extension
xwp-file-description Xerox Writer document
xwp-file-description Files with xwp file extension can be found as very old documents made using Xerox Writer program. Very old format.

xws-file-extension
xws-file-description Xara Designer Pro graphics
xws-file-description An xws file extension is related to the Xara Designer Pro graphic file format developed by Xara a MAGIX company.

xwz-file-extension
xwz-file-description X-Setup Pro data
xwz-file-description An xwz file extension is related to the X-Setup Pro and used for its data files.

xx-file-extension
xx-file-description XXEncoded data
xx-file-description Files with xx file extension are 7-bit ASCII attachments for email programs that can´t work binary attachments.

xx2-file-extension
xx2-file-description GE Solar 8000M data file
xx2-file-description Files with xx2 extension can be mainly found as files in GE Solar 8000M data format.

xxc-file-extension
xxc-file-description Centraline COACH firmware
xxc-file-description An xxc file extension is related to the Centraline COACH firmware file format.

xxd-file-extension
xxd-file-description Brixx Planner calendar data
xxd-file-description An xxd file extension is associated with the Brixx Planner a modeling program for business planing. An xxd file contains calendar data.

xxe-file-extension
xxe-file-description XXEncoded data
xxe-file-description An xxe file extension is associated with the XXEncoded data format.

xxe_addon-file-extension
xxe_addon-file-description XMLmind XML Editor add-on
xxe_addon-file-description An xxe_addon file extension is associated with the XMLmind XML Editor mind add-on files.

xxe_gui-file-extension
xxe_gui-file-description XMLmind XML Editor settings
xxe_gui-file-description An xxe_gui file extension is related to the XMLmind XML Editor settings files.

xxl-file-extension
xxl-file-description File Archive Handler compressed archive
xxl-file-description Files with xxl suffix may be sometimes found as very large archives created using the File Archive Handler utility.

xxn-file-extension
xxn-file-description Dimenzo Text Editor document
xxn-file-description Files with xxn file suffix are associated with the Dimenzo Text Editor document format.

xxt-file-extension
xxt-file-description Dynamic Link Library
xxt-file-description An xxt file extension is sometimes used for DLL (Dynamic Link Library) files.

xxx-file-extension
xxx-file-description Compucon/Singer PSW embroidery design
xxx-file-description Files with xxx file extension can also be found as special embroidery files for the Compucon/Singer stitching machines.

xy-file-extension
xy-file-description XyWrite document
xy-file-description Files with xy file extension can be found as old documents prepared in XyWrite word processing tool for MS-DOS.

xy3-file-extension
xy3-file-description XYWrite III document
xy3-file-description An xy3 file extension is related to the XYWrite III document format. Probably obsolete file format.

xy4-file-extension
xy4-file-description Unknown file extension
xy4-file-description Files with xy4 file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

xy4v-file-extension
xy4v-file-description XYWrite IV document file
xy4v-file-description Detailed description

xyd-file-extension
xyd-file-description XYPad drawing document
xyd-file-description An xyd file extension is related to the XYPad drawing document file format.

xyp-file-extension
xyp-file-description XY Write III Plus document
xyp-file-description A xyp file extension is related to the XYWrite Plus, which is a word-processing software. A xyp file contains document.

xyr-file-extension
xyr-file-description X-Y component center data
xyr-file-description Files with xyr file extension are commonly used by X-Y component center data format.

xys-file-extension
xys-file-description XYplorer script
xys-file-description An xys file extension is related to the XYplorer, a multi-tabbed dual pane file manager for Windows. An xys file contains script.

xyt-file-extension
xyt-file-description PSU BIO time-of-flight data
xyt-file-description An xyt file extension is related to the PSU BIO time-of-flight data format. Probably obsolete.

xyw-file-extension
xyw-file-description XYWrite for Windows 3x/4.0 document
xyw-file-description An xyw file extension is related to the XYWrite text editing software. An xyw file stores text document. Probably obsolete.

xyz-file-extension
xyz-file-description XYZ cartesian chemical modeller input
xyz-file-description Files with xyz extension are data files with atomic and other chemical data in text tabular format.

xyze-file-extension
xyze-file-description Radiance map
xyze-file-description An xyze file extension is associated with the Radiance map format, used by various applications, such as Photoshop.

xyzi-file-extension
xyzi-file-description 3rdTech scanner data
xyzi-file-description Files with xyzi file extension are documents scanned with 3dTech scanner devices.

xyzrgb-file-extension
xyzrgb-file-description 3rdTech XYZ RGB graphic data
xyzrgb-file-description An xyzrgb file extension is related to the 3rdTech scanning devices.

xz-file-extension
xz-file-description XZ Utils compressed archive
xz-file-description Files with xz file extension can be found as compressed archives from XZ Utils program.

xzfx-file-extension
xzfx-file-description zipLogix ZipForm form
xzfx-file-description An xzfx file extension is related to the zipLogix ZipForm software. An xzfx file contains electronic form.

xzip-file-extension
xzip-file-description Hungarian Tendering System document
xzip-file-description An xzip file extension is related to the Hungarian Tendering System document format.

xzm-file-extension
xzm-file-description Porteus Linux package
xzm-file-description Files with xzm file extension can be generally found as packages from Porteus Linux. Used to install apps or OS parts.

xzp-file-extension
xzp-file-description XZP container format
xzp-file-description An xzp file extension is related to the XZP container format.

x_b-file-extension
x_b-file-description Parasolid model (binary)
x_b-file-description Files with x_b file extension can be usually encountered as 3D models or technical drawings prepared and saved using Parasolid software.

x_n-file-extension
x_n-file-description Parasolid CAD format
x_n-file-description An x_n file extension is used for some format created in Parasolid geometric modeling kernel. An x_n file stores CAD drawing in ASCII text format.

y-file-extension
y-file-description Amiga Yabba compressed archive
y-file-description Files with y file extension are related to the Amiga Yabba compressed file archive format.

y01-file-extension
y01-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
y01-file-description Files with y01 extension are index files generated by Paradox relation database management system.

y02-file-extension
y02-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index
y02-file-description A y02 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox, a database management program. A y02 file stores secondary index information.

y03-file-extension
y03-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
y03-file-description Files with y03 extension are index files generated by Paradox relation database management system.

y04-file-extension
y04-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
y04-file-description Files with y04 extension are index files generated by Paradox relation database management system.

y05-file-extension
y05-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
y05-file-description Files with y05 extension are index files generated by Paradox relation database management system.

y06-file-extension
y06-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index
y06-file-description A y06 file extension is related to the Paradox, a database management program. A y06 file stores secondary index.

y07-file-extension
y07-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index
y07-file-description A y07 file extension is related to the Paradox, a relational database management system. A y07 file stores secondary index information.

y08-file-extension
y08-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
y08-file-description Files with y08 extension are index files generated by Paradox relation database management system.

y09-file-extension
y09-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index
y09-file-description A y09 file extension is related to the Paradox, a database system. A y09 file stores secondary index.

y3a-file-extension
y3a-file-description Yu-Gi-Oh! Online avatar data
y3a-file-description The Y3A file extnesion is used for Yu-Gi-Oh! Online avatar files.

y3d-file-extension
y3d-file-description Yu-Gi-Oh! Online card
y3d-file-description A y3d file extension is used for Yu-Gi-Oh! On-Line card files.

y3p-file-extension
y3p-file-description Yu-Gi-Oh! Online profile
y3p-file-description A y3p file extension is used for Yu-Gi-Oh! Online profile files.

y3t-file-extension
y3t-file-description Yu-Gi-Oh! Online tag data
y3t-file-description The y3t file extension is used for Yu-Gi-Oh! Online tag files.

y4m-file-extension
y4m-file-description YUV4MPEG2 video
y4m-file-description Files with y4m suffix can be typically found as videos in YUV4MPEG2 video format that contains uncompressed frames of YCbCr video (RAW format).

y8pd-file-extension
y8pd-file-description Password Finder exported password
y8pd-file-description Files with y8pd file extension might be found as exported password files from Password Finder utility.

yab-file-extension
yab-file-description Yabasic source code
yab-file-description A yab file extension is related to the Yabasic, a programming platform. A yab file contains source code.

yacc-file-extension
yacc-file-description Yet Another Compiler Compiler compiled data
yacc-file-description Files with yacc file extension might be found as files compiled by Yet Another Compiler Compiler for Unix.

yadpcm-file-extension
yadpcm-file-description Raw Yamaha 4-bit ADPCM format
yadpcm-file-description Detailed description

yaf-file-extension
yaf-file-description SmackDown! game data
yaf-file-description A yaf file extension is related to the SmackDown! fighting video game. A yaf file stores game data.

yah-file-extension
yah-file-description HeartBeat data
yah-file-description A yah file extension is related to the HeartBeat and used for its data files.

yajl-file-extension
yajl-file-description YAJL script
yajl-file-description Files with yajl file extension can be found as some sort of scripts files created using YAJL program.

yak-file-extension
yak-file-description KayakFoundry 3D design
yak-file-description Files with yak file extension are kayak 3D designs created using the KayakFoundry program.

yal-file-extension
yal-file-description Arts & Letters clipart library
yal-file-description A yal file extension is related to the Arts & Letters clipart library format.

yam-file-extension
yam-file-description Yahoo! Seller's Manager auctions data
yam-file-description A yam file extension is associated with the Yahoo! Seller's Manager and used for its auctions data.

yaml-file-extension
yaml-file-description YAML source code
yaml-file-description Files with yaml extension can be typically found as various configuration files saved in the YAML Ain't Markup Language.

yaodl-file-extension
yaodl-file-description Powerflip 3D image file
yaodl-file-description Files with YAODL extension is mainly related to a special 3D format used by Powerflip software.

yar-file-extension
yar-file-description YAK compressed archive
yar-file-description Files with yar file extension can be found as old compressed archive in somewhat obscure YAK compression and archiving format.

yast-file-extension
yast-file-description YaST data
yast-file-description A .yast file extension is related to the YaST installation tool. A yast file contains data.

yaws-file-extension
yaws-file-description Yaws source data
yaws-file-description Files with yaws file extension are web pages used on Yaws web server. Similar to html, based on Erlang.

yaz0-file-extension
yaz0-file-description YAZ0 compressed archive
yaz0-file-description Files with yaz0 file extension is used by YAZ0 RLE compression method used by Wii games.

ybc-file-extension
ybc-file-description SUSE Linux Enterprise Server display settings
ybc-file-description Files with ybc file extension are settings for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server that were used in some previous version of the program. Replaced by YCP format.

ybhtm-file-extension
ybhtm-file-description yBook HTML document
ybhtm-file-description A ybhtm file extension is associated with the yBook HTML document format.

ybk-file-extension
ybk-file-description Microsoft Encarta Yearbook file
ybk-file-description Files with ybk extension are used by the Microsoft Encarta Yearbook program. They store updates data.

ybm-file-extension
ybm-file-description Ad-Aware 2007 data
ybm-file-description A ybm file extension is related to the Ad-Aware 2007 program for Microsoft Windows. A ybm file contains data.

ybrar-file-extension
ybrar-file-description yBook e-book
ybrar-file-description Files with ybrar file extension might be found as e-books in yBook format.

ybrtf-file-extension
ybrtf-file-description Ybook ebook file
ybrtf-file-description Files with YBRTF extension are ybook ebooks. Format used mainly in Asia.

ybtxt-file-extension
ybtxt-file-description Ybook ebook file
ybtxt-file-description Detailed description

ycbcr-file-extension
ycbcr-file-description Raw Y Cb and Cr sample
ycbcr-file-description A ycbcr file extension is related to the Raw Y Cb and Cr sample format.

ycbcra-file-extension
ycbcra-file-description Raw Y Cb Cr and alpha sample
ycbcra-file-description A ycbcra file extension is related to the Raw Y Cb Cr and alpha sample format.

ycc-file-extension
ycc-file-description Kodak bitmap
ycc-file-description Files with ycc file extension might be found as old Kodak bitmap images.

ychat-file-extension
ychat-file-description Yahoo! Instant Messenger chat log
ychat-file-description A ychat file extension is related to the Yahoo! Instant Messenger. A ychat file stores chat log.

ycm-file-extension
ycm-file-description Yugioh Card Maker file
ycm-file-description The YCM file extension is related to the Yugioh Card Maker. The *.ycm file stores custom trading card.

ycp-file-extension
ycp-file-description SUSE Linux Enterprise Server display settings
ycp-file-description Files with ycp file extension are settings for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server that are used in latest version of the program. Replaced the older YBC format.

yct-file-extension
yct-file-description YahELite chat transcript data
yct-file-description Files with yct file extension can be found as saved chat transcripts from YahElite program.

ydb-file-extension
ydb-file-description Yutori 7 document
ydb-file-description Files with ydb file extension might be found as documents from Yutori 7 program.

ydc-file-extension
ydc-file-description Konami Yu-Gi-Oh! card deck data
ydc-file-description Files with ydc file extension can be found as card decks for Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos computer game.

ydd-file-extension
ydd-file-description Visual YANG Designer document
ydd-file-description Files with ydd extension can be typically encountered as documents from the Visual YANG Designer.

ydk-file-extension
ydk-file-description YGOPro Yu-Gi-Oh! deck data
ydk-file-description Files with ydk extension are mainly related to the YGOPro and used for its deck cards.

ydl-file-extension
ydl-file-description Powerflip YAODL 3D image
ydl-file-description A ydl file extension is related to YAODL (Yet Another Object Description Language).

ydr-file-extension
ydr-file-description Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos replay
ydr-file-description Files with ydr file extension can be typically encountered as replays from Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos software.

ydsp-file-extension
ydsp-file-description XWE data
ydsp-file-description A ydsp file extension is related to the XWE (also known as eXtendable Wad Editor) a tool for Microsoft Windows.

ydt-file-extension
ydt-file-description Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos game data
ydt-file-description Files with ydt file suffix are related to the Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos game data format.

yel-file-extension
yel-file-description Yellow Color Separation data
yel-file-description A yel file extension is related to the Yellow Color Separation files.

yenc-file-extension
yenc-file-description yEnc encoded archive
yenc-file-description A yenc file extension is related to some encoded archives. Probably obsolete.

yep-file-extension
yep-file-description Yamaha Expansion Pack
yep-file-description Files with yep extension can be found as Yamaha Expansion Packs. Used to change music styles and such.

yes-file-extension
yes-file-description Quick Bible document
yes-file-description A yes file extension is related to documents for Quick Bible software. A yes file stores document.

yesterday-file-extension
yesterday-file-description Any data file created yesterday
yesterday-file-description Files with .yesterday file extension can be most often encountered as various data or backup files. Can be pretty much anything, most notably tax and accounting data, calendar or backup files.

yfs-file-extension
yfs-file-description Yahoo! Player skin
yfs-file-description An yfs file extension is related to the Yahoo! Player skin files.

yft-file-extension
yft-file-description Grand Theft Auto V fragment object
yft-file-description Files with yft extension are associated with the Grand Theft Auto V fragment objects.

yg0-file-extension
yg0-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
yg0-file-description Files with yg0 extension are used for Paradox, a Corel database management system. They include index informations.

yg1-file-extension
yg1-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
yg1-file-description The yg1 extension files are used by the Corel Paradox program.

yg2-file-extension
yg2-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
yg2-file-description The yg2 extension files are used by the Corel Paradox program.

yg3-file-extension
yg3-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
yg3-file-description Files with yg3 extension are used by the Corel Paradox software. They store some secondary index data.

yg4-file-extension
yg4-file-description Corel Paradox secondary index file
yg4-file-description The yg4 extension files are used by the Corel Paradox program.

yg5-file-extension
yg5-file-description Paradox data
yg5-file-description A yg5 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox database management system.

yg6-file-extension
yg6-file-description Corel Paradox data
yg6-file-description A yg6 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox and used for its data files.

yg7-file-extension
yg7-file-description Corel Paradox data
yg7-file-description A yg7 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox and used for its data files.

yg8-file-extension
yg8-file-description Corel Paradox data
yg8-file-description An yg8 file extension is related to the Corel Paradox a relational database software. Probably obsolete format.

yg9-file-extension
yg9-file-description Corel Paradox data
yg9-file-description An yg9 file extension is related to the Paradox a database system from Corel.

ygf-file-extension
ygf-file-description yWorks binary graph format
ygf-file-description A ygf file extension is related to the yWorks graph format used by yEd editing tool.

ygn-file-extension
ygn-file-description YGen file
ygn-file-description Detailed description

ygo-file-extension
ygo-file-description Paradox database related data
ygo-file-description Files with ygo file extension are used by Corel Paradox a relational database management system.

yif-file-extension
yif-file-description Mungyodance game data file
yif-file-description Files with yif extension are used by the Mungyodance dance video simulation game. They are used as one of the game files.

yify-file-extension
yify-file-description Warez movie
yify-file-description Files with yify file extension are usually movies downloaded from P2P networks (torrents). YIFY is not actually extension, but part of the file name to label the group.

yjf-file-extension
yjf-file-description Kindle KFX e-book metadata
yjf-file-description A yjf file extension is related to the Amazon Kindle, a family of devices and software for e-book reading. A yjf file contains Kindle KFX e-book metadata.

yjk-file-extension
yjk-file-description MSX Screen 12 picture image
yjk-file-description Files with yjk file extension are associated with the MSX Screen 12 picture image format.

yka-file-extension
yka-file-description Yenka model
yka-file-description Files with yka file extension can be found as models from some of the products from Yenka simulation and modeling software.

yls-file-extension
yls-file-description YuleLog data
yls-file-description Files with yls file extension can be usually found as data files from YuleLog cataloging application.

ym-file-extension
ym-file-description AY-3-8910 audio data
ym-file-description An ym file extension is related to computer platforms that are used AY-3-8910 PSG. An ym file stores audio.

yma-file-extension
yma-file-description YMAG Center Data Exchange database
yma-file-description A yma file extension is related to the database files used by YMAG Center program from French company YMAG s.a.s.

ymap-file-extension
ymap-file-description MindGenius computer aided thinking data
ymap-file-description A ymap file extension is related to the MindGenius computer aided thinking data format.

ymbk-file-extension
ymbk-file-description Xilisoft Mobile Manager phonebook
ymbk-file-description A ymbk file extension is related to the Xilisoft Mobile Manager program. A ymbk file stores phonebook and other data from mobile phone.

ymf-file-extension
ymf-file-description XWE data
ymf-file-description A ymf file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

ymg-file-extension
ymg-file-description Yahoo! Messenger data
ymg-file-description A ymg file extension is related to the Yahoo! Messenger, an instant messaging client. A ymg file contains data.

yml-file-extension
yml-file-description YAML document
yml-file-description Files with yml file extension can be mostly found as data files saved in YAML human-readable data serialization format.

yml2-file-extension
yml2-file-description YML script
yml2-file-description A yml2 file extension is related to the YML programming language. A yml2 file contains script.

ymp-file-extension
ymp-file-description YaST metapackage
ymp-file-description A ymp file extension is related to the openSUSE Installer package format also known as YaST.

ymt-file-extension
ymt-file-description Yar material file
ymt-file-description Files with ymt suffix are typically found as materials files from the Yar software developed by Ryan Holmes.

ync-file-extension
ync-file-description yEnc encoded data
ync-file-description A ync file extension is related to the yEnc encoded file format.

ynx-file-extension
ynx-file-description Seqmax Seqprest compressed file
ynx-file-description Detailed description

yog-file-extension
yog-file-description Outerra recorded video data
yog-file-description A yog file extension is related to the Outerra 3D engine. A yog file contains rendered scene.

yookoo-file-extension
yookoo-file-description Yookoo Player playlist
yookoo-file-description A yookoo file extension is related to the Yookoo Player and used for its playlist files.

yop-file-extension
yop-file-description Final Media Player data
yop-file-description A yop file extension is related to the Final Media Player and used for its data files.

yos-file-extension
yos-file-description HP Photosmart Essential thumbnail cache
yos-file-description A yos file extension is related to the HP Photosmart Essential and used for its thumbnail cache files.

youtubenow-file-extension
youtubenow-file-description Unknown file extension
youtubenow-file-description Files with youtubenow file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

ypc-file-extension
ypc-file-description WhyPic picture
ypc-file-description A ypc file extension is related to the WhyPic picture format. Probably obsolete file format.

ypf-file-extension
ypf-file-description YahELite configuration
ypf-file-description An ypf file extension is related to the YahELite, an instant messaging client. An ypf file stores configuration.

ypr-file-extension
ypr-file-description Cool Music Card data
ypr-file-description A ypr file extension is related to the Cool Music Card program. A ypr file contains data.

yps-file-extension
yps-file-description Yahoo! Instant Messenger data
yps-file-description A yps file extension is related to the Yahoo! Instant Messenger and used for its data files.

yrcbkm-file-extension
yrcbkm-file-description YRC Weblink bookmarks archive
yrcbkm-file-description A yrcbkm file extension is related to the YRC Weblink and used for its bookmarks archive files.

yrm-file-extension
yrm-file-description Red Alert 2: Yuri's Revenge multiplayer map
yrm-file-description Files with yrm file extension can be found as multiplayer maps for Command and Conquer Red Alert 2: Yuri's Revenge (a real-time strategy game).

yrp-file-extension
yrp-file-description YGOPro replay
yrp-file-description Files with yrp extension can be found as game replays from YGOPro Yu-Gi-Oh! dueling game.

yse-file-extension
yse-file-description Yamaha Studio Manager session data
yse-file-description Files with yes file extension might be found as saved session files from Yamaha Studio Manager.

ysm-file-extension
ysm-file-description Yamaha Studio Manager data
ysm-file-description An ysm file extension is related to the Yamaha Studio Manager and used for its data files.

yss-file-extension
yss-file-description YcySoft Screen Saver Producer data
yss-file-description An yss file extension is related to the YcySoft Screen Saver Producer data format.

ysx-file-extension
ysx-file-description Yahoo! Player stream description language data
ysx-file-description A ysx file extension is related to the Yahoo! Player stream description language data.

ysz-file-extension
ysz-file-description Yahoo! Messenger Plus skin file
ysz-file-description Detailed description

yt-file-extension
yt-file-description yt Project configuration
yt-file-description A yt file extension is related to the yt Project a python package. A yt file stores configuration data.

ytbl-file-extension
ytbl-file-description Troldesh (variant) ransomware affected file
ytbl-file-description Files with ytbl extension can be found as files encrypted and affected by a ransomware labeled as Troldesh.

ytd-file-extension
ytd-file-description Grand Theft Auto V texture dictionary data
ytd-file-description Files with ytd extension can be mainly found as texture dictionary data files for Grand Theft Auto V video game.

ytf-file-extension
ytf-file-description Google Picasa font cache
ytf-file-description Files with ytf file extension can mainly be found as font caches for Google Picasa image organizer.

yti-file-extension
yti-file-description Google Picasa plugin
yti-file-description A yti file extension is related to the Google Picasa and used for its plugin files.

ytif-file-extension
ytif-file-description Independence instrument file
ytif-file-description Files with ytif file extension are audio files in Independence audio format. Pretty rare format.

ytm-file-extension
ytm-file-description YTGen method data
ytm-file-description An ytm file extension is related to the YTGen (Yield Table Generator) and used for its method data.

ytr-file-extension
ytr-file-description I.R.I.S. OCR data
ytr-file-description A ytr file extension is related to the Readiris adn used for its OCR data.

yumtx-file-extension
yumtx-file-description YUM transaction data
yumtx-file-description A yumtx file extension is related to the YUM Package Manager for Linux. A yumtx file stores some kind of temporary data.

yuv-file-extension
yuv-file-description YUV 16Bits image format
yuv-file-description Files with yuv suffix are typically found as some some older 16bit bitmap images. Still viewable with XnView.

yves-file-extension
yves-file-description YVES Bible plugin
yves-file-description A yves file extension is related to the YVES Bible plugin for Calibre software.

yw3-file-extension
yw3-file-description yWriter 3 project
yw3-file-description A yw3 file extension is related to the yWriter 3, a word processor. A yw3 file stores project.

yw4-file-extension
yw4-file-description yWriter 4 project
yw4-file-description A yw4 file extension is related to the yWriter version 4. A yw4 file contains project.

yw5-file-extension
yw5-file-description yWriter 5 project file
yw5-file-description Files with yw5 extension are used for yWriter 5. They contain default project data files.

ywd-file-extension
ywd-file-description Unknown file extension
ywd-file-description Currently unknown file extension.

ywemanifest-file-extension
ywemanifest-file-description Yahoo! Widgets manifest file
ywemanifest-file-description Detailed description

ywl-file-extension
ywl-file-description YoWindow data
ywl-file-description Files with ywl file extension are data files from YoWindow weather program.

ywp-file-extension
ywp-file-description yWriter 2 project file
ywp-file-description Files with ywp extension are used by yWritter 2 word processor.

yxx-file-extension
yxx-file-description Bison source code
yxx-file-description A yxx file extension is associated with the Bison, a parser generator. A yxx file contains source code.

yxy-file-extension
yxy-file-description Unknown file extension
yxy-file-description Files with yxy file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

yy-file-extension
yy-file-description GNU Bison data
yy-file-description A yy file extension is associated with the GNU Bison parser generating program from GNU Project.

yyp-file-extension
yyp-file-description GameMaker Studio project
yyp-file-description A file extension yyp is related to the GameMaker Studio, a video games development tool. A yyp file stores project.

yz-file-extension
yz-file-description YAC compressed archive
yz-file-description An yz file extension is related to the YAC compressed format. An yz file stores archive.

yz1-file-extension
yz1-file-description Yamazaki zipper archive
yz1-file-description Files with yz1 extension are compressed archives in Yamazaki format used by the DeepFreezer program.

z01-file-extension
z01-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive (part 2)
z01-file-description A z01 file extension is used for the 2.part of multi volume ZIP archive. In order to extract the archive, you will need all its parts. ZIP files can be extracted in most archiving tools.

z02-file-extension
z02-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive (part 3)
z02-file-description A z02 file extension is related to WinZIP and used for its Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archives (part 3).

z03-file-extension
z03-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 4)
z03-file-description A z03 file extension is related to the WinZip compression tool for Windows and Mac and used for part 4 of split multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive.

z04-file-extension
z04-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive (part 5)
z04-file-description A z04 file extension is related to the WinZip compression tool and used for its 5th part of split multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive.

z05-file-extension
z05-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 6)
z05-file-description A z05 file extension is related to the WinZip compression tool for Windows and Mac. A z05 file stores 6th part of split multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive.

zab-file-extension
zab-file-description Zipped audio book
zab-file-description Files with the zab extension can be found as special audio books saved in the Zipped Audio Book file format.

zepto-file-extension
zepto-file-description Locky ransomware affected data
zepto-file-description Files with zepto file extension can be found as encrypted and renamed files affected by some of the latest versions of Locky ransomware.

zip-file-extension
zip-file-description WinZIP Compressed ZIP archive

zipx-file-extension
zipx-file-description Extended Zip archive
zipx-file-description A zipx file extension is related to the WinZip version 12.1. and higher. A zipx file stores compressed archive with Extended ZIP format.

z-file-extension
z-file-description Unix compressed archive
z-file-description A z file extension is related to the Unix compressed archive file format, created with various compression tools for Unix operating system.

z0-file-extension
z0-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed JS file
z0-file-description Files with z0 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

z00-file-extension
z00-file-description Casio WK Midi keyboards audio file
z00-file-description Files with z00 extension were used by the Casio WK series of General MIDI keyboards.

z06-file-extension
z06-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 7)
z06-file-description A z06 file extension is related to the WinZip compression tool and used for its 7th part of split nulti-volume ZIP compressed file archive.

z07-file-extension
z07-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 8)
z07-file-description A z07 file extension is related to the part 8 of split multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive.

z08-file-extension
z08-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive (part 9)
z08-file-description A z08 file extension is related to the Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive (part 9).

z09-file-extension
z09-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 10)
z09-file-description Files with z09 extension are used for WinZIP. It is a part of compressed ZIP archive.

z1-file-extension
z1-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed VB file
z1-file-description Files with z1 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

z10-file-extension
z10-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 11)
z10-file-description Files with z10 file extension can be found as one part of large split ZIP compressed archive.

z11-file-extension
z11-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 12)
z11-file-description Files with z11 file extension might be found as one part of large split compressed ZIP archive.

z12-file-extension
z12-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 13)
z12-file-description Files with z12 file extension might be mainly found as one part of large split ZIP compressed archive.

z13-file-extension
z13-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 14)
z13-file-description z13 file extension is related to the WinZIP a compression tool for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X (macOS). A z13 file stores Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 14).

z14-file-extension
z14-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 15)
z14-file-description Files with z14 file extension might be found as one part of larger, split, ZIP-compressed archive.

z15-file-extension
z15-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 16)
z15-file-description Files with z15 file extension are one part of large, split, ZIP-compressed archive.

z16-file-extension
z16-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 17)
z16-file-description Files with z16 file extension can be found as one part of large split ZIP compressed archive.

z17-file-extension
z17-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 18)
z17-file-description Files with z17 file extension might be mostly found as one part of huge split ZIP archive.

z18-file-extension
z18-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive  (part 19)
z18-file-description Files with z18 file extension can be found as one part of large split compressed ZIP archive.

z19-file-extension
z19-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive (part 20)
z19-file-description Files with z19 file extension are parts of large, split multi-volume compressed ZIP archive.

z2-file-extension
z2-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
z2-file-description Files with z2 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

z20-file-extension
z20-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive (part 21)
z20-file-description Files with z20 file extension might be found as one part of large split ZIP compressed archive.

z2f-file-extension
z2f-file-description Zoo Tycoon 2 game data
z2f-file-description A z2f file extension is related to the Zoo Tycoon 2 video game developed by Microsoft. A z2f file stores game data.

z2s-file-extension
z2s-file-description Zoo Tycoon 2 saved game
z2s-file-description A z2s file extension is related to the Zoo Tycoon 2, a computer game from Microsoft and used for its saved game files.

z3-file-extension
z3-file-description Infocom game module for Z-machine version 3
z3-file-description A z3 file extension is related to the Infocom game module for Z-machine version 3.

z32-file-extension
z32-file-description ZAR32 progress data save
z32-file-description A z32 file extension is related to the ZAR recovery software and used for its progress data save.

z3d-file-extension
z3d-file-description ZModeler 3D graphics format
z3d-file-description Files with z3d extension can be mostly be found as 3D models made using the ZModeler, a 3D modeling tool.

z4-file-extension
z4-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
z4-file-description Files with z4 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

z5-file-extension
z5-file-description Infocom game module for Z-machine version 5
z5-file-description A z3 file extension is related to the Infocom game module for Z-machine version 5.

z6-file-extension
z6-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
z6-file-description Files with z6 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

z64-file-extension
z64-file-description Nintendo 64 game ROM
z64-file-description Files with z64 extension are are disk images in the Nintendo 64 game ROM image file format for N64 computer emulators.

z7-file-extension
z7-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
z7-file-description A z7 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe an e-mail protection suite.

z7d-file-extension
z7d-file-description BlueZone data
z7d-file-description A z7d file extension is associated with the BlueZone and used for its data files.

z8-file-extension
z8-file-description Infocom game module for Z-machine version 8
z8-file-description A z8 file extension is related to the Infocom game module for Z-machine version 8.

z80-file-extension
z80-file-description ZX Spectrum Emulator memory snapshot
z80-file-description A z80 file extension is related to some emulators of Sinclair ZX Spectrum computers.

z9-file-extension
z9-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
z9-file-description A z9 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection solution. A z9 file contains renamed data.

z96-file-extension
z96-file-description Split Multi-volume ZIP compressed file archive (part 97)
z96-file-description Files with z96 file extension can be found as one part of large split ZIP compressed archive.

za-file-extension
za-file-description nFusion game data
za-file-description A za file extension is related to some video games and used for their game data.

zaa-file-extension
zaa-file-description Output of the UNIX split utility
zaa-file-description A zaa file extension is related to the Unix split utility. A zaa file contains output data.

zabw-file-extension
zabw-file-description G-Zipped AbiWord document
zabw-file-description A zabw file extension is related to the AbiWord program for Microsoft Windows. A zabw file stores document.

zac-file-extension
zac-file-description Spirit architectural component
zac-file-description A zac file extension is related to the Spirit, an architectural design software. A zac file contains architectural component.

zad-file-extension
zad-file-description ZadGen document
zad-file-description A zad file extension is related to the Zadgen document format. Probably obsolete.

zae-file-extension
zae-file-description ZAwinEHE project
zae-file-description A zae file extension is related to the ZAwinEHE and used for its project files.

zaf-file-extension
zaf-file-description Zoom Audio data
zaf-file-description Files with zaf file extension can be found as old Zoom Audio files.

zak-file-extension
zak-file-description Sight Survey job data
zak-file-description A zak file extension is related to the Sight Survey, a land survey program. A zak file contains job data.

zaloha-file-extension
zaloha-file-description Miranda IM backup file
zaloha-file-description Detailed description

zam-file-extension
zam-file-description ZTreeWin application menu file
zam-file-description Files with zam extension are used by ZTreeWin application. They include some console scripts created by the users.

zan-file-extension
zan-file-description BlueEyes animation data
zan-file-description A zan file extension is related to the BlueEyes and used for its animation files.

zanebug-file-extension
zanebug-file-description Zanebug file
zanebug-file-description Detailed description

zap-file-extension
zap-file-description Microsoft Windows software installation settings
zap-file-description Files with zap extension can be typically found as settings for the Windows Installer tool. Contains various metadata for the installation purposes.

zap13-file-extension
zap13-file-description TIA Portal V13 to backup PLC project
zap13-file-description Files with zap13 file extension can be found as backups of PLC projects made using TIA Portal from Siemens.

zapc-file-extension
zapc-file-description ArcSoft Print Creations creation data
zapc-file-description A zapc file extension is related to the ArcSoft Print Creations, A zapc file contains creation data.

zapd-file-extension
zapd-file-description Norton data
zapd-file-description A zapd file extension is related to the Norton applications developed by Symantec.

zar-file-extension
zar-file-description Sony PlayStation 2 audio data
zar-file-description A zar file extension is related to the Sony PlayStation 2 gaming console audio format.

zargo-file-extension
zargo-file-description ArgoUML model file
zargo-file-description Files with zargo file extension are XML projects with UML model and diagrams. Used in various UML software.

zasm-file-extension
zasm-file-description Zero Compiler assembly source code
zasm-file-description A zasm file extension is used for Zero Compiler assembly source files.

zat-file-extension
zat-file-description ZOC data
zat-file-description A zat file extension is related to the ZOC SSH/Telnet client for Windows.

zave-file-extension
zave-file-description QuarkXpress iPad document
zave-file-description A zave file extension is related to the QuarkXpress and used for its iPad documents.

zax-file-extension
zax-file-description Zaxcom audio data
zax-file-description A zax file extension is related to the Zaxcom loss-less compression audio file format.

zba-file-extension
zba-file-description Compressed data
zba-file-description A zba file extension is related to the compressed data.

zbb-file-extension
zbb-file-description ZEMAX black box data
zbb-file-description A zbb file extension is related to the ZEMAX, a CAD software for Microsoft Windows. A zbb file stores prescription data for a range of surfaces.

zbd-file-extension
zbd-file-description Canon Zoom Browser database
zbd-file-description Files with zbd file extension are related to the Canon Zoom Browser database format.

zbf-file-extension
zbf-file-description RADIANCE Z-Buffer format
zbf-file-description A zbf file extension is associated with the RADIANCE and used for its Z-Buffer radiance format.

zbi-file-extension
zbi-file-description Zebra ZBI-Developer project
zbi-file-description Files with zbi file extension are used by the ZBI-Developer program. They include projects data saved in the program.

zbin-file-extension
zbin-file-description isafe keylogger data
zbin-file-description A zbin file extension is related to the isafe keylogger software and used for its data files.

zblorb-file-extension
zblorb-file-description Z-code game data
zblorb-file-description A zblorb file extension is associated with the Z-code game data format used by Windows Frotz.

zbm-file-extension
zbm-file-description Zlib compressed bitmap
zbm-file-description Files with zbm file extension can be found as images compressed using the Zlib library.

zbp-file-extension
zbp-file-description Boardmaker board package
zbp-file-description Files with zbp suffix are board packages made and saved using the Boardmaker office authoring tool which is used to create printed materials.

zbr-file-extension
zbr-file-description Zoner Zebra metafile
zbr-file-description A zbr file extension is related to the Zoner Zebra, a vector editing tool and used for its metafile files.

zbs-file-extension
zbs-file-description Super-K data
zbs-file-description A zbs file extension is related to the Super-K application and used for its data files.

zbx-file-extension
zbx-file-description Disk volume identification file
zbx-file-description Files with zbx extension were used for Disk volume identification.

zc-file-extension
zc-file-description Zipkey configuration
zc-file-description Files with zc file extension are used for Zipkey software. A zc file stores configuration data.

zca-file-extension
zca-file-description ROSE Online data
zca-file-description The zca file extension is related to the Korean MMORPG game called ROSE.

zcache-file-extension
zcache-file-description Venture the Void cache
zcache-file-description A zcache file extension is related to the Venture the Void video game. A zcache file contains cache.

zcast-file-extension
zcast-file-description Creative ZENcast Organizer data
zcast-file-description Files with the zcast file extension are related to Creative ZENcast Organizer files.

zcc-file-extension
zcc-file-description ECLIPSE server configuration information data
zcc-file-description A zcc file extension is related to the ECLIPSE server and used for its configuration information.

zce-file-extension
zce-file-description ZCwinEHE project
zce-file-description A zce file extension is associated with the ZCwinEHE program. A zce file contains project.

zcfg-file-extension
zcfg-file-description Zoom Search Engine configuration
zcfg-file-description A zcfg file extension is related to the Zoom Search Engine configuration data format.

zch-file-extension
zch-file-description ZIG game construction kit file
zch-file-description Files with ZCH extension are related to very old program called ZIG game construction kit.

zcl-file-extension
zcl-file-description Zoner Callisto clipart file
zcl-file-description Files with zcl suffix may be found as cliparts made and saved using Zoner Callisto free graphics editor.

zcls-file-extension
zcls-file-description Zero Compiler class
zcls-file-description A zcls file extension is used for Zero Compiler class files.

zcn-file-extension
zcn-file-description OmniPage data
zcn-file-description A zcn file extension is related to the OmniPage and used for its data files.

zcode-file-extension
zcode-file-description Z-Suite code
zcode-file-description A zcode file extension is related to the Z-Suite program for Windows and Mac. A zcode file contains code.

zcp-file-extension
zcp-file-description Dimension Magics printing image
zcp-file-description A zcp file extension is related to the Dimension Magics and used for its printing images.

zcpml-file-extension
zcpml-file-description Unknown file extension
zcpml-file-description Files with zcpml file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zcrypt-file-extension
zcrypt-file-description ZCRYPT ransomware affected data
zcrypt-file-description Files with zcrypt file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by the ZCRYPT ransomware.

zct-file-extension
zct-file-description ZeitControl terminal program
zct-file-description A zct file extension is related to the BasicCard and used for its terminal programs.

zcv-file-extension
zcv-file-description Zortech 3 readme document
zcv-file-description A zcv file extension is associated with the Zortech version 3. A zcv file contains readme document.

zd2-file-extension
zd2-file-description Zillions of Games locked rules
zd2-file-description A zd2 file extension is related to the Zillions of Games, a set of video games. A zd2 file stores locked rules.

zda-file-extension
zda-file-description Furuno GP32 ZDA compressed archive
zda-file-description Files with zda file extension are related to the Furuno GP32 ZDA compressed archive format.

zdat-file-extension
zdat-file-description Zoom Search Engine data
zdat-file-description Files with zdat file extension are related to the Zoom Search Engine software developed by Wrensoft.

zdb-file-extension
zdb-file-description Quicken data
zdb-file-description A zdb file extension is related to the Quicken a finance management software. A zdb file contains some kind of financial data.

zdc-file-extension
zdc-file-description CD Catalog Expert database
zdc-file-description A zdc file extension is related to the CD Catalog Expert database format.

zdct-file-extension
zdct-file-description Adobe language localization
zdct-file-description The zdct file extension is related to various applications, like Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Lightroom developed by Adobe. The zdct file stores language localization.

zdd-file-extension
zdd-file-description ZDaemon demo
zdd-file-description A zdd file extension is related to the ZDaemon, a client for Doom video game and used for its demo files.

zdf-file-extension
zdf-file-description Zone Definition file
zdf-file-description Files with zdf extension are used to store boundary grid information for each zone. This helps to transport files between computers faster.

zdg-file-extension
zdg-file-description ZiffNet ZView compressed document
zdg-file-description An zdg file extension is related to the ZiffNet ZView compressed document file format.

zdk-file-extension
zdk-file-description ZQuake game data
zdk-file-description A zdk file extension is related to the ZQuake, a video game for Palm OS and it is used for its game files.

zdl-file-extension
zdl-file-description Avery DesignPro label design
zdl-file-description Files with zdl extension can be mostly found as label designs created using DesignPro label designing software.

zdp-file-extension
zdp-file-description DesignPro label design
zdp-file-description Files with zdp file extension can be most often found as label designs prepared and saved using the DesignPro professional labeling software.

zdr-file-extension
zdr-file-description Ziff Davis WinBench PC benchmark batch file
zdr-file-description A zdr file extension is related to the Ziff Davis WinBench PC benchmark batch files.

zds-file-extension
zds-file-description DVDSubber DVD subtitles and DVD scripts
zds-file-description A zds file extension is related to the DVDSubber software. A zds file contains DVD subtitles and DVD scripts.

zdt-file-extension
zdt-file-description ZDT data
zdt-file-description A zdt file extension is related to the ZDT (Zhongwen Development Tool) and used for its data files.

zdtc-file-extension
zdtc-file-description Adobe After Effects language settings
zdtc-file-description A zdtc file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects software for Mac and Windows. A zdtc file stores language settings.

zdv-file-extension
zdv-file-description ZyXEL voice data
zdv-file-description A zdv file extension is related to the ZyXEL apps or devices. A zdv file stores voice.

zdx-file-extension
zdx-file-description Avery Design clipart index
zdx-file-description Files with zdx file extension are related to the Avery Design & Print software. A zdx file contains clipart index.

zed-file-extension
zed-file-description BitTorrent metainfo
zed-file-description Files with zed extension can be typically encountered as some kind of metadata files for BitTorrent clients.

zef-file-extension
zef-file-description Unity Pro full aplication exchange
zef-file-description Files with zef file extension can be found as Full Application Exchange Files from Unity Pro IEC programming software.

zeg-file-extension
zeg-file-description ZeroG subtitles file
zeg-file-description Files waith zeg extension are known as ZeroG subtitles file format.

zei-file-extension
zei-file-description ANNO 1602 game data
zei-file-description A zei file extension is related to the ANNO 1602 video game. A zei file contains game data.

zel-file-extension
zel-file-description Zel MIDI source file
zel-file-description Files with zel extension are used by the Zel computer language used for creating MIDI data.

zem-file-extension
zem-file-description Zope external editor data file
zem-file-description Files with zem file extension can be mainly found as some kind of data from external editor of the Zope web applications server.

zen-file-extension
zen-file-description ZEMAX face number data
zen-file-description A zen file extension is related to the ZEMAX CAD tool and used for its face number files.

zenfashionsavedgame-file-extension
zenfashionsavedgame-file-description Zen Fashion saved game
zenfashionsavedgame-file-description A zenfashionsavedgame file extension is related to the Zen Fashion computer game.

zeon-file-extension
zeon-file-description e-on installation archives
zeon-file-description Files with zeon file extension can be found as installation archives from e-on software products, like vue.

zero-file-extension
zero-file-description Zero Compiler project
zero-file-description A zero file extension is used for Zero Compiler project files.

zet-file-extension
zet-file-description ZET compressed archive
zet-file-description A zet file extension is associated with the ZET archive format.

zex-file-extension
zex-file-description ZOOM MRS-802 system data
zex-file-description Files with zex file extension might be mostly found as system files from MRS-802 MultiTrak Recording Studio.

zexp-file-extension
zexp-file-description Zope binary export file data
zexp-file-description A zexp file is related to to Zope free application server for web applications written in Python. A .zexp file stores exported binary data.

zf3d-file-extension
zf3d-file-description Flare3D model
zf3d-file-description Files with zf3d file extension can be most often found as 3D models saved in Flare3D software.

zfc-file-extension
zfc-file-description Back4Win Backup archive file
zfc-file-description Files with zfc extension are known as a directory file for an extended, multi-file archive.

zfd-file-extension
zfd-file-description ABC Zeroadic functions data
zfd-file-description A zfd file extension is related to the ABC programming language. A zfd file contains Zeroadic functions,

zfg-file-extension
zfg-file-description ZOC data
zfg-file-description A zfg file extension is related to the ZOC a telnet client for Windows.

zfi-file-extension
zfi-file-description ZenGL font
zfi-file-description A zfi file extension is related to the ZenGL, a free game development library for rendering 2D graphics.

zfo-file-extension
zfo-file-description XSL-FO online form
zfo-file-description Files with zfo file extension can be occasionally found as XSL-FO online forms. XML based form format.

zfrm-file-extension
zfrm-file-description Zero form designer file
zfrm-file-description The ZFRM file extension is used for Zero form designer files.

zfs-file-extension
zfs-file-description Interstate '76 and '82 game archive
zfs-file-description Files with zfs file extension can be found as game data archives from Interstate '76 and '82 computer games.

zfsendtotarget-file-extension
zfsendtotarget-file-description Windows XP ZIP Compressed Folder
zfsendtotarget-file-description Files with zfsendtotarget files are generally zipped files created in Windows XP whenever you would use the the Send To → Compressed folder option.

zft-file-extension
zft-file-description BlueZone FTP data
zft-file-description A ztf file extension is related to the BlueZone, a terminal emulator for Windows. A ztf file stores some kind of data.

zfx-file-extension
zfx-file-description ZipForm transaction data
zfx-file-description Files with zfx file extension can be mostly found as one of the data formats used by ZipForm real estate software solution.

zf%7E%7E%7E-file-extension
zf%7E%7E%7E-file-description Unknown file extension
zf%7E%7E%7E-file-description Files with zf~~~ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zgeproj-file-extension
zgeproj-file-description ZGame Editor project
zgeproj-file-description A zgeproj file extension is related to the ZGame Editor and used for its project files.

zgi-file-extension
zgi-file-description Zoomerang Web Survey page data
zgi-file-description A zgi file extension is related to the Zoomerang Web Survey page data format.

zgk-file-extension
zgk-file-description ZIPGenius key file
zgk-file-description The zgk file extension is related to the ZIPGenius key files.

zgl-file-extension
zgl-file-description Compressed XGL 3D CAD model
zgl-file-description Files with zgl file extension can be generally found as compressed versions of 3D models saved in the XGL 3D CAD model format.

zgm-file-extension
zgm-file-description ZenoGraphics graphics image file
zgm-file-description The zgm file extension is related to the ZenoGraphics and used for its graphics image files.

zgp-file-extension
zgp-file-description Zelda Classic graphics pack
zgp-file-description Files with zgp file extension can be found as graphics packs for Zelda Classic project.

zgr-file-extension
zgr-file-description BeatCreator audio loop
zgr-file-description A zgr file extension is related to the BeatCreator and used for its loop files.

zgt-file-extension
zgt-file-description Oren scientific word processor document
zgt-file-description A zgt file extension is related to the Oren scientific document file format.

zgv-file-extension
zgv-file-description Zephyr ECLIPSE Server global variable file
zgv-file-description Detailed description

zgy-file-extension
zgy-file-description Petrel compressed seismic data
zgy-file-description Files with zgy file extension can be found as compressed seismic data files originally from SEGY format. Used only in Petrel software.

zgz-file-extension
zgz-file-description Unknown file extension
zgz-file-description No further information could be found.

zh-file-extension
zh-file-description Netscape Communicator java classes
zh-file-description A zh file extension is associated with the Netscape Communicator java classes format.

zhp-file-extension
zhp-file-description SwiftView ICS command data
zhp-file-description A zhp file extension is related to the SwiftView ICS command data format.

zhs-file-extension
zhs-file-description Eclipse Server hotspot
zhs-file-description A zhs file extension is related to the Eclipse Server hotspot format.

zhtml-file-extension
zhtml-file-description Secure IE Zipped HTML document
zhtml-file-description A zhtml file extension is related to the Secure IE, a web browsing tool for Windows. A zhtml file stores zipped HTML document.

zh_tw-file-extension
zh_tw-file-description Netscape Communicator java classes data
zh_tw-file-description A zh_tw file extension is related to the Netscape Communicator and sed for its java classes data.

zi-file-extension
zi-file-description Renamed ZIP archive
zi-file-description A zi file extension is related to the WinZIP and used for its compressed data archives.

zib-file-extension
zib-file-description ZX-Editor graphic library
zib-file-description Files with zib file extension is related to a special file for ZX-Editor created by Claus Jahn and Andy Schräpel.

zic-file-extension
zic-file-description Unknown file extension
zic-file-description Files with zic file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zid-file-extension
zid-file-description Zoo/PhytoImage data
zid-file-description Files with zid file extension can mainly be found as data files from Zoo/PhytoImage program.

zif-file-extension
zif-file-description Zooming Interface Format
zif-file-description A zif file extension is related to the Zooming Interface Format file format.

zig-file-extension
zig-file-description zigGIS data
zig-file-description A zig file extension is associated with the zigGIS, an extension for ArcGIS. A zig file contains data.

zik-file-extension
zik-file-description Cryo ZIK audio data
zik-file-description A zik file extension is related to the Chine music files. Most of them are simple RAW files: 16-bit signed stereo 22050 Hz (no header), except for only one which is a regular WAV file.

zim-file-extension
zim-file-description Wiki archive
zim-file-description Files with zim file extension can be mainly found as Wiki archives in OpenZIM format. Used to download wikipages for offline view in special ZIM readers.

zimaa-file-extension
zimaa-file-description Kiwix data
zimaa-file-description A zimaa file extension is associated with the Kiwix an offline reader for web content.

zin-file-extension
zin-file-description Zindo input data
zin-file-description A zin file extension is related to the Zindo program. A zin file stores input data.

zip-uwunsafe-file-extension
zip-uwunsafe-file-description Unknown file extension
zip-uwunsafe-file-description Files with zip-uwunsafe file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zip2-file-extension
zip2-file-description StuffIt archive
zip2-file-description Files with zip2 extension are compressed archives created in Stuffit Deluxe programs. Similar to standard ZIP.

zipenx-file-extension
zipenx-file-description Egis encrypted ZIP file
zipenx-file-description Files with zipenx extension are used for Egis software. Zippenx is a classic zip file format, but protected by password.

zipfs-file-extension
zipfs-file-description 18 Wheels of Steel: Across America game data
zipfs-file-description A zipfs file extension is related to the 18 Wheels of Steel: Across America truck simulator for Windows. A zipfs file contains game data.

zipo-file-extension
zipo-file-description Need for Madness game data
zipo-file-description A zipo file extension is related to the Need for Madness, a car racing video game. A zipo file stores game data.

zir-file-extension
zir-file-description Compass and Ruler Figure data
zir-file-description A zir file extension is related to the Compass and Ruler Figure.

zit-file-extension
zit-file-description ZIT file tracking repository
zit-file-description Files with zit file extension might be found as special tracking repository files for git-based content trackers.

ziw-file-extension
ziw-file-description Unknown file extension
ziw-file-description Files with ziw file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zix-file-extension
zix-file-description WinZix compressed archive
zix-file-description A zix file extension is associated with the WinZix compression software with full of adds. A zix file stores supposedly compressed data with bothersome adds.

zi_-file-extension
zi_-file-description Unknown file extension
zi_-file-description Files with zi_ file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zjs-file-extension
zjs-file-description Zenographics ZjStream SuperPrint Zj stream
zjs-file-description A zjs file extension is related to the Zenographics ZjStream SuperPrint Zj stream.

zka-file-extension
zka-file-description Quicken Win version 6 file
zka-file-description Detailed description

zkn-file-extension
zkn-file-description Adobe RoboHelp skin definition
zkn-file-description A zkn file extension is related to the Adobe RoboHelp skin definition files.

zkx-file-extension
zkx-file-description ZixCorp signature
zkx-file-description A zkx file extension is related to the ZixCorp and used for its signature data.

zky-file-extension
zky-file-description Unknown file extension
zky-file-description Files with zky file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zl-file-extension
zl-file-description Zlib compressed archive
zl-file-description Files with zl file extension can be mainly found as compressed archives in Zlib format.

zl0-file-extension
zl0-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed ADE file
zl0-file-description Detailed description

zl1-file-extension
zl1-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed ADP data
zl1-file-description Files with zl1 file extension can be found as ADP files renamed by the MailSafe service in ZoneAlarm.

zl2-file-extension
zl2-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed BAS file
zl2-file-description A zl2 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm, a personal firewall program. A zl2 file is renamed *.bas file.

zl3-file-extension
zl3-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed BAT script
zl3-file-description A zl3 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software and used for its renamed BAT scripts.

zl4-file-extension
zl4-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed CHM data
zl4-file-description A zl4 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, a personal firewall program. A zl4 file contains renamed CHM data.

zl5-file-extension
zl5-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed CMD data
zl5-file-description Files with zl5 file extension might be found as one of the files renamed by ZoneAlarm's Mailsafe service.

zl6-file-extension
zl6-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed COM file
zl6-file-description Detailed description

zl7-file-extension
zl7-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed CPL data
zl7-file-description A zl7 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zl7 file stores renamed CPL data.

zl8-file-extension
zl8-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed CRT data
zl8-file-description Files with zl8 file extension might be found as CRT files renamed by ZoneAlarm's Mailsafe service.

zl9-file-extension
zl9-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed EXE data
zl9-file-description A zl9 file extension is related to the Mailsafe program, distributed as a part of ZoneAlarm security software. A zl9 file contains renamed EXE file.

zla-file-extension
zla-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed HLP data
zla-file-description A zla file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zla file contains renamed HLP data.

zlas-file-extension
zlas-file-description ESRI optimized LiDAR data
zlas-file-description Files with zlas file extension can be found as LiDAR exchange files optimized using ESRI compression format.

zlb-file-extension
zlb-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed HTA file
zlb-file-description Files with zlb extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zlc-file-extension
zlc-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed INF file
zlc-file-description A zlc file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, a software for detects dangerous e-mail attachments, A zlc files are renamed INF Windows installation script files.

zld-file-extension
zld-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed INS file
zld-file-description A zld file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Pro, a personal firewall. A zld file stores renamed INS files.

zle-file-extension
zle-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed ISP data
zle-file-description A zle file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zle file contains renamed ISP data.

zlf-file-extension
zlf-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed JSE file
zlf-file-description Files with zlf extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zlg-file-extension
zlg-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed LNK file
zlg-file-description A zlg file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, a tool for detecting malicious software in e-mail attachments. A zlg file stores renamed LNK file (Windows shortcut file).

zlh-file-extension
zlh-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MDB file
zlh-file-description Files with zlh extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zli-file-extension
zli-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MDE file
zli-file-description A zli file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail security solution. A zli file stores renamed Access compiled database.

zlib-file-extension
zlib-file-description Zlib archive
zlib-file-description Files with zlib extension may be found as compressed archives made using the Zlib file archiver.

zlic-file-extension
zlic-file-description KeyShot licence
zlic-file-description Files with zlic file extension are related to the KeyShot, a 3D modeling tool for Windows and Mac. A zlic file stores license data.

zlj-file-extension
zlj-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MSC data
zlj-file-description Files with zlj file extension are MSC files renamed by ZoneAlarm's MailSafe function.

zlk-file-extension
zlk-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MSI data
zlk-file-description A zlk file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe that detects e-mail attachments and warns the user about their presence.

zll-file-extension
zll-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MSP data
zll-file-description A zll file extension is related to the MailSafe, an e-mail protection solution included with ZoneAlarm. A zll file contains renamed Windows installer patch file.

zlm-file-extension
zlm-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MST file
zlm-file-description A zlm file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zlm file stores renamed MST script.

zln-file-extension
zln-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed PCD data
zln-file-description Files with zln file extension might be found as PCD files renamed by ZoneAlarm's Mailsafe service.

zlo-file-extension
zlo-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed PIF file
zlo-file-description A zlo file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed PIF files.

zlp-file-extension
zlp-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed REG file
zlp-file-description A zlp file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, a function for detecting e-mail attachments and warns the user about their presence. A .zlp file stores renamed Windows registry file (.reg file suffix).

zlq-file-extension
zlq-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed SCR data
zlq-file-description A zlq file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection tool. A zlq file cotnains renamed *.scr files.

zlr-file-extension
zlr-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed SCT data
zlr-file-description Files with zlr file extension might be found as SCT files renamed by ZoneAlarm's Mailsafe service.

zls-file-extension
zls-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed SHS file
zls-file-description Files with zls extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zlt-file-extension
zlt-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed URL file
zlt-file-description A zlt file extension us related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed URL files.

zlu-file-extension
zlu-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed VBE data
zlu-file-description A zlu file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection suite. A zlu file contains VBE data.

zlv-file-extension
zlv-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed VBS data
zlv-file-description A zlv file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zlv file contains renamed VBS data.

zlw-file-extension
zlw-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed WSC data
zlw-file-description Files with zlw file extension can be found as one of the renamed files changed by the Mailsafe service.

zlx-file-extension
zlx-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed WSF data
zlx-file-description A zlx file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe and used for its renamed WSF files.

zly-file-extension
zly-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed WSH data
zly-file-description A zly file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zly file stores renamed WSH data.

zlz-file-extension
zlz-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed ASX data
zlz-file-description A zlz file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zlz file contains renamed ASX data.

zm0-file-extension
zm0-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed DBX ile
zm0-file-description Detailed description

zm1-file-extension
zm1-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MDA file
zm1-file-description Files with zm1 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zm2-file-extension
zm2-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MDZ file
zm2-file-description A zm2 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe and used for renamed MDZ (Microsoft Access) files.

zm3-file-extension
zm3-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed NCH file
zm3-file-description A zm3 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe component used to protect e-mail. A zm3 file stores renamed Outlook e-mail tree file (nch extension by default).

zm4-file-extension
zm4-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed PRF file
zm4-file-description A zm4 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, a software for detects dangerous e-mail attachments, A zlc files are renamed PRF Windows system files.

zm5-file-extension
zm5-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed SCF file
zm5-file-description There is  one other file type  usingthe ZM5 file extension!

zm6-file-extension
zm6-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed SHB data
zm6-file-description A zm6 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe software, used to protect e-mail messages.

zm7-file-extension
zm7-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed WMS file
zm7-file-description Files with zm7 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data used for internal purposes.

zm8-file-extension
zm8-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed MHT file
zm8-file-description A zm8 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe component used to protect e-mail. A zm8 file stores renamed Mime HTML (MHTML) document (mht extension by default).

zm9-file-extension
zm9-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed ZIP file
zm9-file-description Files with zm9 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zm%3F-file-extension
zm%3F-file-description ZSNES movie
zm%3F-file-description A zm? file extension is associated with the ZSNES, an emulator of SNES video gaming console developed by Nintendo. A .zm? file contains recorded movie.

zma-file-extension
zma-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed RAR archive
zma-file-description A zma file extension is related to ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, a program protects e-mail against viruses and other malware. A .zma file stores renamed RAR archive.

zmap-file-extension
zmap-file-description Zombies Ate My Neighbours map
zmap-file-description Files with zmap file extension is related to the Zombies Ate My Neighbours video game.

zmb-file-extension
zmb-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed DLL library
zmb-file-description A zmb file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zmb file stores renamed dynamic link libraries.

zmc-file-extension
zmc-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed EML file
zmc-file-description The ZMC file extension is affiliated with ZoneAlarm, this software detects dangerous e-mail attachments and warns the user e.g. MailSafe wich is one of ZoneAlarm features. The program secures the file with renaming of its original file extension.

zmd-file-extension
zmd-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed OCX data
zmd-file-description A zmd file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, a software for detects dangerous e-mail attachments, A zmd files are renamed OCX ActiveX control files.

zme-file-extension
zme-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed SYS file
zme-file-description Files with zme extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data used for internal purposes.

zmesh-file-extension
zmesh-file-description Imagine 3D graphic format
zmesh-file-description Detailed description

zmf-file-extension
zmf-file-description Zoner Callisto document
zmf-file-description Files with zmf suffix may be usually found as vector graphics documents prepared using Zoner Callisto program.

zmg-file-extension
zmg-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmg-file-description A zmg file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe an e-mail protection tool and used for its renamed data.

zmi-file-extension
zmi-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmi-file-description A zmi file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zmi file stores renamed data.

zmk-file-extension
zmk-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmk-file-description A zmk file extension is related to the MailSafe, a security software for protect e-mails. A zmk file contains renamed data.

zml-file-extension
zml-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zml-file-description Files with zml extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data used for internal purposes.

zmm-file-extension
zmm-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmm-file-description A zmm file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zmm file contains renamed data.

zmn-file-extension
zmn-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmn-file-description A zmn file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software for Microsoft Windows. A znm file contains renamed data.

zmo-file-extension
zmo-file-description ROSE Online model animation
zmo-file-description A zmo file extension is associated with the Korean MMORPG computer game called ROSE and contain model animation data.

zmon-file-extension
zmon-file-description ZoundMonitor data
zmon-file-description A zmon file extension is related to the ZoundMonitor an audio composing software for Amiga.

zmp-file-extension
zmp-file-description Zoner Callisto print layout file
zmp-file-description Files with zmp suffix are print exports of vector graphics produced using the Zoner Calliisto graphics editor.

zmq-file-extension
zmq-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmq-file-description A zmq file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection solution. A zmq file contains renamed data.

zmr-file-extension
zmr-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmr-file-description A zmr file extension is related ot the MailSafe, an e-mail protection tool, a part of ZoneAlarm. A zmr file contains renamed data.

zms-file-extension
zms-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zms-file-description A zms file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, a software for detects dangerous e-mail attachments, A zlc files are renamed PRF Windows system files.

zmt-file-extension
zmt-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zmt-file-description Files with zmt extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zmu-file-extension
zmu-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmu-file-description Files with zmu file extension can be found as one of the files renamed by the ZoneAlarm's Mailsafe function.

zmv-file-extension
zmv-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmv-file-description A zmv file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed files.

zmw-file-extension
zmw-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmw-file-description A zmw file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe an e-mail protection solution. A zmw file contains renamed data.

zmx-file-extension
zmx-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zmx-file-description Files with zmx extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zmy-file-extension
zmy-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmy-file-description A zmy file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection suite. A zmy file stores renamed data.

zmz-file-extension
zmz-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zmz-file-description A zmz file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe an e-mail protection software. A zmz file stores renamed data.

zn-file-extension
zn-file-description ZNwinEHE project
zn-file-description A zn file extension is related to the ZNwinEHE program. A zn file contains project.

zn0-file-extension
zn0-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zn0-file-description A zn0 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zn0 file stores renamed data.

zn1-file-extension
zn1-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zn1-file-description A zn1 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe and e-mail protection software. A zn1 file stores data.

zn2-file-extension
zn2-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zn2-file-description A zn2 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zn2 file contains renamed data.

zn3-file-extension
zn3-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zn3-file-description A zn3 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, a software used to protect e-mail messages. A zn3 file contains renamed data.

zn4-file-extension
zn4-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zn4-file-description Detailed description

zn5-file-extension
zn5-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zn5-file-description A zn5 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection tool. A zn5 file contains renamed data.

zn6-file-extension
zn6-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zn6-file-description A zn6 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zn6 file contains renamed data.

zn7-file-extension
zn7-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zn7-file-description Detailed description

zn8-file-extension
zn8-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zn8-file-description A zn8 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection program.

zn9-file-extension
zn9-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zn9-file-description A zn9 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zn9 file contains renamed data.

zna-file-extension
zna-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zna-file-description Files with zna file extension might be found as files renamed by ZoneAlarm's Mailsafe service.

znb-file-extension
znb-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znb-file-description A znb file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe an e-mail protection program. A znb file contains renamed data.

znc-file-extension
znc-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znc-file-description A znc file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe program and used for its renamed data.

zncn-file-extension
zncn-file-description RMCProfile list file
zncn-file-description Detailed description

znd-file-extension
znd-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
znd-file-description Files with znd file extension can be found as one of the files renamed with ZoneAlarm's MailSafe service.

zne-file-extension
zne-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zne-file-description Detailed description

znf-file-extension
znf-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
znf-file-description Files with znf extension are used for ZoneAlarm software.

zng-file-extension
zng-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zng-file-description A zng file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zng file contains renamed data.

znh-file-extension
znh-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
znh-file-description Detailed description

zni-file-extension
zni-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zni-file-description Files with zni file extension might be found as one of the files renamed by the MailSafe service in ZoneAlarm security software.

znj-file-extension
znj-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znj-file-description A znj file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection program. A znj file contains renamed data.

znk-file-extension
znk-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znk-file-description A znk file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection program. A znk file stores renamed data.

znl-file-extension
znl-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znl-file-description A znl file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A znl file contains renamed data for security purposes.

znm-file-extension
znm-file-description LucasArts game movie
znm-file-description A znm file extension is related to video games developed by LucasArts. A znm file stores in-game movie.

znn-file-extension
znn-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znn-file-description A znn file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection program. A znn file stores renamed data.

zno-file-extension
zno-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zno-file-description A zno file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe e-mail protection software. A zno file contains renamed data.

znp-file-extension
znp-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znp-file-description A znp file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection program. A znp file stores data.

znq-file-extension
znq-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
znq-file-description Detailed description

znr-file-extension
znr-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
znr-file-description Detailed description

zns-file-extension
zns-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zns-file-description A zns file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zns file contains renamed data for security purposes.

znt-file-extension
znt-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znt-file-description Files with znt file extension can be found as files renamed by ZoneAlarm's MailSafe service.

znu-file-extension
znu-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znu-file-description A znu file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A znu file contains renamed data.

znv-file-extension
znv-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
znv-file-description Files with znv extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

znw-file-extension
znw-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
znw-file-description A znw file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection program. A znw file contains renamed data.

znx-file-extension
znx-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
znx-file-description A znx file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe software. A znx file contains renamed file by Mailsafe.

zny-file-extension
zny-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zny-file-description A zny file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe and used for its renamed data.

znz-file-extension
znz-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
znz-file-description Detailed description

zn%7E-file-extension
zn%7E-file-description Zinio reader temporary data
zn%7E-file-description A zn~ file extension is related to the Zinio reader temporary data format.

zo0-file-extension
zo0-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zo0-file-description Detailed description

zo1-file-extension
zo1-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zo1-file-description A zo1 file extension is related to ZoneAlarm MailSafe an application, which detects e-mail attachments and warns the user about their presence.

zo2-file-extension
zo2-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zo2-file-description Files with zo2 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zo3-file-extension
zo3-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zo3-file-description A zo3 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zo3 file stores renamed data.

zo4-file-extension
zo4-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zo4-file-description A zo4 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail messages protection software. A zo4 file contains renamed data.

zo5-file-extension
zo5-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zo5-file-description Files with zo5 extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zo6-file-extension
zo6-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zo6-file-description Detailed description

zo7-file-extension
zo7-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zo7-file-description Detailed description

zo8-file-extension
zo8-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zo8-file-description Detailed description

zo9-file-extension
zo9-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zo9-file-description Detailed description

zoa-file-extension
zoa-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zoa-file-description A zoa file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an email protection software. A zoa file contains renamed data.

zob-file-extension
zob-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zob-file-description A zob file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, a software for protect e-mail messages. A zob file contains renamed data.

zoc-file-extension
zoc-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zoc-file-description Files with zoc extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data used for internal purposes.

zocini-file-extension
zocini-file-description Unknown file extension
zocini-file-description Files with zocini file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zod-file-extension
zod-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zod-file-description A zod file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, a software for protect e-mail messages. A zod file contains renamed data.

zodb-file-extension
zodb-file-description Zope Object Database data
zodb-file-description Files with zodb file extension can be found as objects in Python Zope Object Database format.

zoe-file-extension
zoe-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zoe-file-description A zoe file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zoe file contains renamed data.

zof-file-extension
zof-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zof-file-description A zof file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection tool. A zof file stores renamed data.

zog-file-extension
zog-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zog-file-description Files with zog extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zoh-file-extension
zoh-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zoh-file-description Files with zoh file extension can be found as one of the securely renamed files by ZoneAlarm's MailSafe service.

zoi-file-extension
zoi-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zoi-file-description A zoi file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, a software for protect e-mail messages. A zoi file contains renamed data.

zoj-file-extension
zoj-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zoj-file-description Files with zoj file extension can be found as one of the files renamed by ZoneAlarm'S MailSafe function.

zok-file-extension
zok-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zok-file-description A zok file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection program. A zok file stores renamed data.

zol-file-extension
zol-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zol-file-description A zol file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zol file contains renamed data.

zom-file-extension
zom-file-description Zoom compressed Amiga file archive
zom-file-description A zom file extension is related to the Amiga Zoom and used for its file archives.

zon-file-extension
zon-file-description Collection Building custom zone data
zon-file-description A zon file extension is related to the Collection Building software. A zon file contains lists of zone definitions.

zone-file-extension
zone-file-description Unknown file extension
zone-file-description Files with zone file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zoner-index-cache-file-extension
zoner-index-cache-file-description Zoner Photo Studio index cache
zoner-index-cache-file-description A zoner-index-cache file extension is related to the Zoner Photo Studio and used for its index cache files.

zoner-rawdata-cache-file-extension
zoner-rawdata-cache-file-description Zoner Photo Studio raw data cache
zoner-rawdata-cache-file-description A zoner-rawdata-cache file extension is related to the Zoner Photo Studio. A .zoner-rawdata-cache file stores RAW data cache.

zoo-file-extension
zoo-file-description ZOO compressed data
zoo-file-description Files with zoo file extension an also be encountered as very old compressed archives made using ancient ZOO archiver.

zook-file-extension
zook-file-description CBBC BAMZOOKi Zook data
zook-file-description A zook file extension is associated with the CBBC BAMZOOKi Zook program.

zoommtg-file-extension
zoommtg-file-description Zoom Meetings data
zoommtg-file-description A zoommtg file extension is related to the Zoom Meetings, a solution for video conferencing. A zoommtg file stores data.

zop-file-extension
zop-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zop-file-description A zop file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm and used for its e-mail attachment renamed files.

zoq-file-extension
zoq-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zoq-file-description A zoq file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software and used for its renamed files.

zor-file-extension
zor-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zor-file-description A zor file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe software. A zor file contains renamed data.

zorro-file-extension
zorro-file-description Zorro ransomware affected file
zorro-file-description Files with zorro suffix were encrypted and renamed by the Zorro ransomware.

zos-file-extension
zos-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zos-file-description A zos file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zos file contains renamed data.

zot-file-extension
zot-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zot-file-description Files with zot extension are used by the ZoneAlarm firewall software. They contain some various data for internal purposes.

zou-file-extension
zou-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zou-file-description A zou file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software for Windows. A zou file stores renamed data.

zov-file-extension
zov-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zov-file-description Detailed description

zow-file-extension
zow-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zow-file-description Detailed description

zox-file-extension
zox-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zox-file-description A zox file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, a software for protect e-mail messages. A zox file contains renamed data.

zoy-file-extension
zoy-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zoy-file-description Detailed description

zoz-file-extension
zoz-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zoz-file-description A zoz file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software and used for its renamed data.

zp0-file-extension
zp0-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zp0-file-description A zp0 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection solution. A zp0 file contains renamed data.

zp1-file-extension
zp1-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zp1-file-description A zp1 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe an e-mail protection software. A zp1 file contains renamed data.

zp4-file-extension
zp4-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zp4-file-description A zp4 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Pro MailSafe software used to protect e-mail messages.

zp5-file-extension
zp5-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zp5-file-description A zp5 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe an e-mail protection suite. A zp5 file stores some kind of data with renamed file extension on *.zp5.

zp7-file-extension
zp7-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zp7-file-description Detailed description

zpak-file-extension
zpak-file-description Sony Ericsson Xperia Play game pack file
zpak-file-description Files with zpak suffix can be found as special emulator files that allow Sony Playstation 1 games to be played on Android devices, like the Sony Ericsson Xperia series.

zpaq-file-extension
zpaq-file-description ZPAQ compressed archive
zpaq-file-description Files with zpaq are used by PeaZip program. They contain some compression data.

zpb-file-extension
zpb-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpb-file-description A zpb file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection program. A zpb file stores renamed data.

zpd-file-extension
zpd-file-description ABC zeroadic predicates
zpd-file-description Files with zpd file extension can be found as some sort of source files for ABC programming language. Maybe contains some settings.

zpf-file-extension
zpf-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpf-file-description A zpf file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe and used for its renamed files.

zpi-file-extension
zpi-file-description Nuance PDF Converter index
zpi-file-description A zpi file extension is related to the Nuance PDF Converter index format.

zpic-file-extension
zpic-file-description Adobe After Effects data
zpic-file-description A zpic file extension is related to the Adobe After Effects program. A zpic file contains data.

zpj-file-extension
zpj-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpj-file-description A zpj file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe a program for protect e-mail messages. A zpj file contains renamed data.

zpk-file-extension
zpk-file-description Z-Firm package
zpk-file-description A zpk file extension is related to the FaxRush program. A zpk file contains data package.

zpkg-file-extension
zpkg-file-description Zyxel NSA-32x application package
zpkg-file-description A zpkg file extension is related to the Zyxel NAS devices. A zpkg file stores application package.

zpl-file-extension
zpl-file-description Zune playlist
zpl-file-description Files with zpl file extension may be found as various playlists from Microsoft Zune or other media players. Several formats used for same purpose having same extension.

zpm-file-extension
zpm-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpm-file-description A zpm file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe security software. A zpm file contains renamed data.

zpo-file-extension
zpo-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpo-file-description A zpo file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection solution. A zpo file contains renamed data.

zpp-file-extension
zpp-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpp-file-description A zpp file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, a feature of ZoneAlarm to detects e-mail attachments and warns the user about their presence.

zpq-file-extension
zpq-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpq-file-description A zpq file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zpq file stores renamed data.

zpr-file-extension
zpr-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpr-file-description A zpr file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe and used for its renamed files (potentially dangerous attachment in e-mail).

zprf-file-extension
zprf-file-description ZipIt preference data
zprf-file-description A zprf file extension is related to the ZipIt compression tool. A zprf file stores preference data.

zprj-file-extension
zprj-file-description ArcSoft Print Creations data
zprj-file-description A zprj file extension is related to the ArcSoft Print Creations software.

zps-file-extension
zps-file-description Zebra Portable Safe file
zps-file-description Files with zps extension are used by the ZPS Explorer software. They include files and folders that are meant to be protected.

zpt-file-extension
zpt-file-description Zope page template
zpt-file-description A zpt file extension can create dynamic xml file. It is originaly associated only with Zope. Those files are now used for many applications.

zpu-file-extension
zpu-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpu-file-description A zpu file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A .zpu file stores data.

zpweb-file-extension
zpweb-file-description Zeta Producer web document
zpweb-file-description A zpweb file extension is associated with the Zeta Producer web document files.

zpx-file-extension
zpx-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zpx-file-description A zpx file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe an e-mail protection suite.

zq0-file-extension
zq0-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zq0-file-description Files with zq0 file extension might be found as one of the files renamed by ZoneAlarm's Mailsafe service.

zq3-file-extension
zq3-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zq3-file-description A zq3 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection program. A zq3 file contains renamed data.

zqc-file-extension
zqc-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed file
zqc-file-description Files with ZQC extension can be found as one of the email attachment files renamed by ZoneAlarm's Mailsafe services.

zqd-file-extension
zqd-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zqd-file-description A zqd file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zqd file contains renamed data.

zqv-file-extension
zqv-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zqv-file-description Files with zqv file extension can be found as files renamed by ZoneAlarm's MailSafe function.

zqy-file-extension
zqy-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zqy-file-description A zqy file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe, an e-mail protection software. A zqy file contains renamed data.

zqz-file-extension
zqz-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zqz-file-description A zqz file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm MailSafe and used for its renamed data.

zr2-file-extension
zr2-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zr2-file-description A zr2 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe and used for its renamed files.

zr3-file-extension
zr3-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zr3-file-description A zr3 file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zr3 file stores renamed data.

zrb-file-extension
zrb-file-description Smacker compressed video data
zrb-file-description A zrb file extension is associated with the Smacker video codec. A zrb file contains compressed video encoded by the Smacker. Smacker codec is distributed with the Bink Video codec and Rad Video Tools.

zrd-file-extension
zrd-file-description ZEMAX ray database
zrd-file-description Files with zrd suffix can mainly be found as ray databases from ZEMAX program.

zre-file-extension
zre-file-description ISOMAP import data
zre-file-description A zre file suffix is related to the ISOMAP and used for its import data files.

zrf-file-extension
zrf-file-description Zillions rules file
zrf-file-description Files with zrf extension are used by Zillions of Games puzzle game package.

zri-file-extension
zri-file-description BBC/RISC OS ROM image
zri-file-description Files with zri file extension are ROM images for BBC/RISC OS platform.

zrl-file-extension
zrl-file-description ImageR MFC application data
zrl-file-description A zrl file extension is related to the ImageR MFC application files.

zrn-file-extension
zrn-file-description ACOS PLUS 1 project
zrn-file-description A zrn file extension is related to the ACOS PLUS 1, a project management client and used for its project files.

zrp-file-extension
zrp-file-description VMware Unix Agent debug data
zrp-file-description A zrp file extension is related to the VMware Workstation virtualization software. A zrp file stores debug log from VMware Unix Agent.

zrs-file-extension
zrs-file-description Hearts game data
zrs-file-description Files with zrs file extension can be found as part of Hearts game from Microsoft Windows.

zrtf-file-extension
zrtf-file-description Nisus Writer Pro compressed RTF file
zrtf-file-description A zrtf file extension is related to the Nisus Writer Pro word processor. A zrtf file contains document.

zrx-file-extension
zrx-file-description ZOC REXX script
zrx-file-description Files with zrx suffix are in most cases scripts from ZOC terminal emulator for Windows and Mac.

zs-file-extension
zs-file-description Zephyr Eclipse Server script
zs-file-description A zs file extension is related to script written for Zephyr Eclipse Server terminal emulator.

zs%2A-file-extension
zs%2A-file-description XWE data
zs%2A-file-description A zs* file extension si related to the XWE a WAD files editing tool.

zs0-file-extension
zs0-file-description ZSNES slot 0 saved state file
zs0-file-description Detailed description

zs1-file-extension
zs1-file-description ZSNES slot 1 saved state
zs1-file-description A zs1 file extension is related to the ZSNES, an emulator of SNES console. A zs1 file contains saved game position.

zs2-file-extension
zs2-file-description ZSNES slot 2 saved state
zs2-file-description A zs2 file suffix is related to the ZSNES, an emulator of Super Nintendo video gaming console. A zs2 file contains saved state.

zs3-file-extension
zs3-file-description ZSNES slot 3 saved state
zs3-file-description A zs3 file extension is related to the ZSNES emulator. A zs3 file stores saved game position.

zs4-file-extension
zs4-file-description ZSNES slot 4 save state
zs4-file-description A zs4 file extension is related to the emulator of SNES called ZSNES. A zs4 file contains saved game position.

zs5-file-extension
zs5-file-description ZSNES slot 5 saved state
zs5-file-description A zs5 file extension is related to the ZSNES emulator. A zs5 file stores saved game position.

zs6-file-extension
zs6-file-description ZSNES slot 6 saved state
zs6-file-description A zs6 file extension is related to the ZSNES emulator. A zs6 file stores saved game position.

zs7-file-extension
zs7-file-description ZSNES slot 7 saved state
zs7-file-description A zs7 file extension is related to the ZSNES emulator. A zs7 file stores saved game position.

zs8-file-extension
zs8-file-description ZSNES slot 8 saved state file
zs8-file-description Detailed description

zs9-file-extension
zs9-file-description ZSNES slot 9 saved state
zs9-file-description A zs9 file extension is related to the ZSNES emulator. A zs9 file stores saved game position.

zsav-file-extension
zsav-file-description IBM SPSS compressed statistics
zsav-file-description A zsav file extension is related to the SPSS software from IBM. A zsav file stores compressed statistics.

zsc-file-extension
zsc-file-description EditPad zMUD script
zsc-file-description A zsc file extension is related to the EditPad zMUD scripts.

zsd-file-extension
zsd-file-description Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX data
zsd-file-description A zsd file extension is associated with the Dave Mirra Freestyle BMX video game.

zse-file-extension
zse-file-description Zelda sound effects
zse-file-description A zse file extension is related to the Zelda Classic computer game. A zse file contains sound effect.

zsf-file-extension
zsf-file-description Zend Server event data
zsf-file-description Files with zsf file extension might be found as event files for Zend Server software solution.

zsg-file-extension
zsg-file-description Zillions of Games saved game data
zsg-file-description Files with zsg file extension can be found as game files from the Zillions of Games casual computer game package. Saved game or data file.

zsh-file-extension
zsh-file-description Unix shell script
zsh-file-description A zsh file extension is related to the Unix Shell and used for its script files.

zsj-file-extension
zsj-file-description Zerene Stacker project
zsj-file-description Files with zsj file extension are related to the Zerene Stacker software. A zsj file contains project.

zsk-file-extension
zsk-file-description Zoner Media Explorer skin
zsk-file-description Files with zsk file extension are associated with the Zoner Media Explorer skin file format.

zsl-file-extension
zsl-file-description ZBrush saved spotlight
zsl-file-description A zsl file extension is related to the ZBrush, a 3D modeling software. A zsl file contains saved spotlight.

zsn-file-extension
zsn-file-description ACOS Plus 1 project
zsn-file-description A zsn file extension is related to the ACOS Plus 1 project management tool. A zsn file stores project.

zsol-file-extension
zsol-file-description M & S Steel Corp. model
zsol-file-description A zsol file extension is related to the M & S Steel Corp. model file format.

zsp-file-extension
zsp-file-description WinView/400 compressed report
zsp-file-description A zsp file extension is related to the WinView/400 software and used for its compressed report files.

zsplit-file-extension
zsplit-file-description Incredible Bee Archiver split archive
zsplit-file-description A zsplit file extension is related to Incredible Bee Archiver, a compression tool. A zsplit file stores a part of split archive.

zsql-file-extension
zsql-file-description ZIP compressed SQL data
zsql-file-description A zsql file extension is related to the ZIP compressed SQL data format.

zsr-file-extension
zsr-file-description form-Z temporary saved data
zsr-file-description A zsr file extension is related to the form-Z and used for its temporary saved data.

zsrc-file-extension
zsrc-file-description Zero source file
zsrc-file-description The ZSRC file extension is used for Zero source files.

zst-file-extension
zst-file-description ZSNES save file
zst-file-description Files with zst extension are used by ZSNES emulator. They contain saved game positions.

zsu-file-extension
zsu-file-description Zebra printer font file
zsu-file-description Files with zsu extension are used for Zebra printers.

zt-file-extension
zt-file-description Mental Ray image depth data
zt-file-description Files with zt file suffix are related to the Mental Ray image depth data format.

zt6-file-extension
zt6-file-description ZipGenius file
zt6-file-description A zt6 file extension is related to the ZipGenius software for Microsoft Windows.

ztardist-file-extension
ztardist-file-description ZTARDIST file
ztardist-file-description Detailed description

ztb-file-extension
ztb-file-description ZOC data
ztb-file-description A ztb file extension is related to the ZOC a terminal emulator and telnet client. A ztb file contains some kind of data used by ZOC.

ztc-file-extension
ztc-file-description Zortech readme document
ztc-file-description Files with ztc file extension might be found as readme files from old Zortech software.

ztd-file-extension
ztd-file-description Zoo Tycoon game file
ztd-file-description Files with ztd extension is used by Zoo Tycoon computer game. It stores maps, sounds, etc.

zte-file-extension
zte-file-description E-Tabs Reader document
zte-file-description A zte file extension is related to the E-Tabs Reader data format.

ztf-file-extension
ztf-file-description DVD Label template
ztf-file-description A ztf file extension is related to the DVD Label template file format.

ztg-file-extension
ztg-file-description ZEMAX table glass
ztg-file-description A ztg file extension is related to the ZEMAX, a designing suite. A ztg file stores table glass data.

ztk-file-extension
ztk-file-description Zope Toolkit data
ztk-file-description Files with ztk file extension are related to the Zope Toolkit data format.

ztl-file-extension
ztl-file-description ZBrush ZTool data
ztl-file-description Files with ztl file extension can be found as graphics created using the PixoLogic ZBrush program.

ztm-file-extension
ztm-file-description ZTreeWin macro
ztm-file-description A ztm file extension is related to the ZTreeWin file management tool. A ztm file contains macro.

ztmp-file-extension
ztmp-file-description Steam compressed game resource data
ztmp-file-description A ztmp file extension is associated with Steam HLDS Update Tool and used for compressed game resource files.

ztn-file-extension
ztn-file-description ZOC SSH tunnel data
ztn-file-description A ztn file extension is related to the SSH tunnel files used by ZOC software from EmTec.

ztp-file-extension
ztp-file-description Keytek ZapMaster device test plan
ztp-file-description A ztp file extension is related to the Keytek ZapMaster and used for its device test plans.

ztr-file-extension
ztr-file-description Digital Video Duplicator tempate media
ztr-file-description A ztr file extension is related to the DVD Label Template media file format.

zts-file-extension
zts-file-description ZTerm script
zts-file-description A zts file extension is related to the ZTerm and used for its script files.

ztt-file-extension
ztt-file-description z-Tree data
ztt-file-description Files with ztt file extension are are related to the z-Tree. A ztt file stores data.

ztx-file-extension
ztx-file-description Z-Axis: The Next Generation data
ztx-file-description A ztx file extension is related to the Z-Axis: The Next Generation data format.

zub-file-extension
zub-file-description Zubu Reader data
zub-file-description A zub file extension is related to the Zubu Reader and used for its e-book files.

zud-file-extension
zud-file-description BlueZone data
zud-file-description A zud file extension is related to the BlueZone, a terminal emulation program. A zud file stores data.

zuf-file-extension
zuf-file-description Unknown file extension
zuf-file-description Files with zuf file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zul-file-extension
zul-file-description ZK user interface data
zul-file-description A zul file extension is related to the ZK User Interface Markup Language based on XML schema. A zul file stores user interface data.

zulu-file-extension
zulu-file-description Unknown file extension
zulu-file-description Files with zulu file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zulugemssavedgame-file-extension
zulugemssavedgame-file-description Zulu Gems saved game
zulugemssavedgame-file-description A zulugemssavedgame file extension is related to the Zulu Gems saved game files.

zumasavedgame-file-extension
zumasavedgame-file-description Zuma saved game
zumasavedgame-file-description A zumasavedgame file extension is related to the Zuma saved game files.

zup-file-extension
zup-file-description Microsoft Business Solutions Navision configuration
zup-file-description Files with zup file extension can be found as configuration files for Microsoft Business Solutions Navision planning software platform.

zvd-file-extension
zvd-file-description Zyxel Voicefile (Z-Fax)
zvd-file-description A zvd file extension is related to the Zyxel Voicefile (Z-Fax) audio format.

zvi-file-extension
zvi-file-description Zeiss AxioVision microscope image
zvi-file-description Files with zvi extension can be often found as microscope images saved using the Carl Zeiss AxioVision software.

zvpl-file-extension
zvpl-file-description Visual Paradigm for UML license key
zvpl-file-description A zvpl file extension is associated with the Visual Paradigm, an UML software. A zvpl file stores license key.

zvr-file-extension
zvr-file-description Philips Voicetracer recorded voice
zvr-file-description Files with zvr extension can be generally found as audio files recorded using Philips Voicetracer. May also be some other old audio files.

zvt-file-extension
zvt-file-description ZoneAlarm client data
zvt-file-description A zvt file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm, a firewall software for Microsoft Windows. A zvt file stores client data.

zvx-file-extension
zvx-file-description R&S VNA setup data
zvx-file-description Files with file extension zvx are associated with the R&S VNA device. A zvx file contains setup data.

zvz-file-extension
zvz-file-description Malware data
zvz-file-description A zvz file extension is related to the Malware data format.

zw-file-extension
zw-file-description Chinese text file
zw-file-description Files with zw extension are associated with Chinese text files, they were used for sending Chinese text terminal communication.

zw1-file-extension
zw1-file-description EPLAN project backup
zw1-file-description Files with zw1 extension can be found as backups of CAD projects generated using the default backup function in EPLAN software.

zw2-file-extension
zw2-file-description EPLAN symbols backup
zw2-file-description A zw2 file extension is related to the EPLAN and used for its backup of symbols files.

zw3-file-extension
zw3-file-description EPLAN standard sheet backup
zw3-file-description A zw3 file extension is related to the EPLAN and used for its backup of sheets files.

zw4-file-extension
zw4-file-description EPLAN forms backup file
zw4-file-description Detailed description

zw5-file-extension
zw5-file-description EPLAN macro backup
zw5-file-description A zw5 file extension is related to the EPLAN macro backup format.

zw6-file-extension
zw6-file-description EPLAN parts backup file
zw6-file-description Fiels with zw6 extension are used for EPLAN Electric program. They contain some backup data.

zw7-file-extension
zw7-file-description EPLAN dictionaries backup
zw7-file-description A zw7 file extension is related to the EPLAN program for Microsoft Windows. A zw7 file stores backup.

zw8-file-extension
zw8-file-description EPLAN configuration data backup
zw8-file-description A zw8 file extension is related to the EPLAN, an electrical management program. A zw8 file stores backup of configuration.

zwb-file-extension
zwb-file-description Zortech data
zwb-file-description Files with zwb file extension can be found as very old files from Zortech software. Obsolete by now.

zwdsp-file-extension
zwdsp-file-description XWE data
zwdsp-file-description A zwdsp file extension is related to the XWE and used for its data files.

zwl-file-extension
zwl-file-description WinLabel label data
zwl-file-description A zwl file extension is related to the WinLabel version 3. A zwl file stores label document.

zws-file-extension
zws-file-description ZiLOG Developer Studio workspace
zws-file-description A zws file extension is related to the ZiLOG Developer Studio and used for its workspace files.

zwt-file-extension
zwt-file-description ControlWave Designer zipped project
zwt-file-description A zwt file extension is related to the ControlWave Designer, a tool for managing devices developed by Emerson Electric. A zwt files stores zipped project.

zx-file-extension
zx-file-description KGB ZX Spectrum emulator snapshot
zx-file-description Files with zx file extension may also be found as snapshots - saved state of a emulator machine. Used for ZX Spectrum emulators.

zx01-file-extension
zx01-file-description Extended ZIP split archive
zx01-file-description A zx01 file extension is related to the WinZip compression tool and used for its zip split archives.

zx02-file-extension
zx02-file-description Extended ZIP split archive
zx02-file-description A zx02 file extension is related to the Extended ZIP split archive file format used by WinZIP software.

zx82-file-extension
zx82-file-description ZX Spectrum emulator Speculator file
zx82-file-description Detailed description

zxb-file-extension
zxb-file-description ZX-Modules metafile
zxb-file-description A zxb file extension is related to the ZX-Modules metafiles.

zxc-file-extension
zxc-file-description Components Engine data
zxc-file-description A zxc file extension is related to the Components Engine and used for its data files.

zxe-file-extension
zxe-file-description ZX-Editor Second Edition format
zxe-file-description A zxe file extension is related to the ZX-Editor tool.

zxl-file-extension
zxl-file-description Immersioni Dive Logbook DL7 data
zxl-file-description A zxl file extension is related to the Immersioni Dive Logbook DL7 file format.

zxm-file-extension
zxm-file-description ZX-Paintbrush map image
zxm-file-description A zxm file extension is associated with the ZX-Paintbrush application for Windows. A zxm file contains map image.

zxn-file-extension
zxn-file-description PhotoEncrypt encrypted photo
zxn-file-description A zxn file extension is related to the PhotoEncrypt software for Windows. A zxn files contain encrypted photos.

zxp-file-extension
zxp-file-description Adobe zip format extension package
zxp-file-description Files with zxp extension can be mainly found as expansion packages for Adobe Creative Suite or Creative Cloud programs.

zxs-file-extension
zxs-file-description ZX Spectrum emulator ZX32 snapshot file
zxs-file-description Files with zxs extension are associated with a zx32 snapshot format.

zxt-file-extension
zxt-file-description ZX Spectrum emulator data
zxt-file-description A zxt file extension is used by Warajevo, a Sinclair ZX Spectrum emulator. A zxt file contains data.

zyklon-file-extension
zyklon-file-description ZYKLON ransomware affected data
zyklon-file-description Files with zyklon file extension may be usually found as files encrypted by the ZYKLON ransomware.

zyp-file-extension
zyp-file-description Propellerhead Reason subtractor synth instrument patch
zyp-file-description A zyp file extension is related to the Reason, a music composing software. A zyp file contains subtractor synth instrument patch.

zys-file-extension
zys-file-description Pervasive Business Integrator database
zys-file-description A zys file extension is related to the Pervasive Business Integrator database format.

zz-file-extension
zz-file-description ZZip compressed archive
zz-file-description Files with zz file extension can be found as compressed archives from Zzip program.

zzb-file-extension
zzb-file-description FutureSoft MultiView configurable toolbar
zzb-file-description A zzb file extension is related to the FutureSoft MultiView and used for its configurable toolbar.

zzc-file-extension
zzc-file-description FutureSoft MultiView connection details
zzc-file-description A zzc file extension is related to the FutureSoft MultiView and used for its connection details files.

zzd-file-extension
zzd-file-description FutureSoft MultiView wizard settings.
zzd-file-description A zzd file extension is related to the MultiView, a terminal emulation software. A zzd file stores wizard settings.

zze-file-extension
zze-file-description FutureSoft MultiView emulation details
zze-file-description Detailed description

zzedsavedgame-file-extension
zzedsavedgame-file-description Zzed saved game
zzedsavedgame-file-description The zzedsavedgame file extension is related to the Zzed video game and used for its saved game files.

zzf-file-extension
zzf-file-description FutureSoft MultiView file transfer configuration
zzf-file-description A zzf file extension is related to the FutureSoft MultiView file transfer configuration data.

zzk-file-extension
zzk-file-description FutureSoft MultiView keyboard mapping
zzk-file-description A zzk file extension is related to the FutureSoft MultiView keyboard mapping files.

zzl-file-extension
zzl-file-description ZZT game data
zzl-file-description Files with zzl file extension can be found as part of ZZT video game for MS-DOS.

zzp-file-extension
zzp-file-description FutureSoft MultiView configurable pop-up menu
zzp-file-description Files with zzp extension are special files that contain configurable pop-up menus for the MultiView software developed by FutureSoft, Inc.

zzr-file-extension
zzr-file-description ZoneAlarm Mailsafe renamed data
zzr-file-description A zzr file extension is related to the ZoneAlarm Mailsafe, an e-mail protection software. A zzr file contains data.

zzs-file-extension
zzs-file-description FutureSoft MultiView script
zzs-file-description A zzs file extension is related to the FutureSoft MultiView and used for its script files.

zzt-file-extension
zzt-file-description FutureSoft MultiView terminal configuration
zzt-file-description A zzt file extension is related to the FutureSoft MultiView software. A zzt file contains terminal configuration.

zzu-file-extension
zzu-file-description FutureSoft MultiView uninstall data
zzu-file-description Files with zzu file extension might be found as one of the uninstall related files from FutureSoft MultiView program.

zzz-file-extension
zzz-file-description CCleaner securely erased data
zzz-file-description Files with zzz extension can be nowadays mostly encountered as securely deleted data by CCleaner tool for PC optimizing.

zzzsendtopkziparchive-file-extension
zzzsendtopkziparchive-file-description Unknown file extension
zzzsendtopkziparchive-file-description Files with zzzsendtopkziparchive file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zzzsendt%E2%80%8Bopkziparchive-file-extension
zzzsendt%E2%80%8Bopkziparchive-file-description Unknown file extension
zzzsendt%E2%80%8Bopkziparchive-file-description Files with zzzsendt​opkziparchive file extension may exist. However, at the moment, we do not have any information regarding their origin or purpose.

zzzzz-file-extension
zzzzz-file-description Locky ransomware affected file
zzzzz-file-description Files with zzzzz suffix may be since November 2016 encountered as renamed and encrypted files affected by the Locky ransomware.

